abomination_a                   Abomination
abomination_desire              Desire Abomination
abomination_hunger              Hunger Abomination
abomination_rage                Rage Abomination
abomination_sloth               Sloth Abomination
alpha_wolf                      Alpha Wolf
animated_dead                   Animated Dead
aoa100ar_city_siege             City of Amaranthine
aoa100cr_armored_ogre_boss      Armored Ogre Alpha
aoa100cr_captain_aidan          Constable Aidan
aoa100cr_city_guard_cap         City Guard Commander
aoa100cr_darkmessenger          Disciple Messenger
aoa100cr_ds_catapult            Darkspawn Commander
aoa100cr_ds_general_1           Disciple General
aoa100cr_ds_general_2           Disciple General
aoa100cr_ds_general_3           Disciple General
aoa100cr_enchanter              Enchanter
aoa100cr_garevel                Captain Garevel
aoa100cr_militia_army_a         City Guard
aoa100cr_militia_army_b         City Guard
aoa100cr_militia_army_fem_a     City Guard
aoa100cr_militia_army_fem_b     City Guard
aoa100cr_sergeant               Sergeant
aoa100cr_survivor_1             Survivor
aoa100cr_survivor_1_f           Noble
aoa100cr_survivor_1_m           Patron
aoa100cr_survivor_2             Survivor
aoa100ip_catwalk_door           Door
aoa100ip_chantry_door           Chantry of Our Lady Redeemer
aoa100ip_to_amaranthine         City of Amaranthine
aoa100ip_to_inn                 The Crown and Lion
aoa100ip_to_smugglers_cove      Smuggler's Cove
aoa110ar_inn_siege              The Crown and Lion
aoa130ar_smugglers_cove_sg      Smuggler's Cove
aoa130ip_to_city                City of Amaranthine
aoa130ip_to_inn                 The Crown and Lion
aoa140ar_chantry                Chantry of Our Lady Redeemer
aoa140cr_alarmed_man            City Guard
aoa140cr_priestess              Chantry Sister
aoa140ip_to_amaranthine         City of Amaranthine
arcane_horror                   Arcane Horror
arcane_horror_a                 Arcane Horror
archdemon                       Archdemon
archer_bridge                   Soldier
arl000ip_target_dummy           Combat Dummy
arl000ip_unusable_door          Door
arl000ip_unusable_door_l        Door
arl000ip_unusable_door_w        Door
arl100ar_redcliffe_village      Redcliffe
arl100cr_chanter_redcliffe      Chanter Farrah
arl100cr_despmerch              Merchant
arl100cr_doomsayer              Doomsayer
arl100cr_gravedigger            Villager
arl100cr_grimguard              Guard
arl100cr_guard                  Guard
arl100cr_isolde                 Isolde
arl100cr_isolde_guard           Guard
arl100cr_knight_1               Knight
arl100cr_knight_2               Knight
arl100cr_knight_3               Knight
arl100cr_militia_1              Militia
arl100cr_militia_2              Militia
arl100cr_militia_3              Militia
arl100cr_militia_4              Militia
arl100cr_militia_5              Militia
arl100cr_murdock                Murdock
arl100cr_perth                  Ser Perth
arl100cr_refugee_child          Refugee
arl100cr_refugee_f              Refugee
arl100cr_refugee_m              Refugee
arl100cr_return_f               Villager
arl100cr_return_m               Villager
arl100cr_scavenger              Scavenger
arl100cr_tomas                  Tomas
arl100cr_watchman               Militia
arl100ip_chantry_board          Chanter's Board
arl100ip_codex_lake             Lake Calenhad - No Swimming
arl100ip_door_castle            Redcliffe Castle
arl100ip_door_chantry           Chantry
arl100ip_door_cottage           House
arl100ip_door_dwyn              Dwyn's Home
arl100ip_door_general_store     General Store
arl100ip_door_kaitlyn           Kaitlyn's Home
arl100ip_door_owen              Blacksmithy
arl100ip_door_tavern            Tavern
arl100ip_door_wilhelm           Wilhelm's House
arl100ip_door_windmill          Windmill
arl100ip_rowboat                Boat
arl100ip_to_castle_map          World Map
arl100it_signet_ring            Signet Ring
arl101ar_redcliffe_night        Redcliffe
arl101cr_undead                 Walking Corpse
arl101ip_barricade              Barricade
arl110ar_chantry                Village Chantry
arl110cr_child_f_1              Child
arl110cr_child_f_2              Child
arl110cr_child_m_1              Child
arl110cr_child_m_2              Child
arl110cr_hannah                 Mother Hannah
arl110cr_kaitlyn                Kaitlyn
arl110cr_old_f_1                Old Woman
arl110cr_old_f_2                Old Woman
arl110cr_old_m_1                Old Man
arl110cr_teagan                 Bann Teagan
arl110cr_villager_f_1           Villager
arl110cr_villager_f_2           Villager
arl110ip_codex_calendar         Book
arl110ip_codex_chant_found      Pile of Books
arl110ip_codex_chant_laws       Book
arl110ip_door_village           Village
arl110it_holy_symbol            Holy Symbol
arl120ar_blacksmith             Blacksmith's Store
arl120cr_blacksmith             Blacksmith
arl120cr_owen                   Owen
arl120ip_crate                  Crate
arl120ip_door_village           Village
arl120ip_trap_door              Hidden Trapdoor
arl120ip_trap_door_2            Hidden Trapdoor
arl120it_stash                  Bundle of Equipment
arl120it_stash_key              Owen's Key
arl130ar_dwyns_home             Dwyn's Home
arl130cr_dwyn                   Dwyn
arl130cr_thug_1                 Thug
arl130cr_thug_2                 Thug
arl130ip_chest_iron             Chest
arl130ip_door_village           Village
arl130it_lockbox_key            Dwyn's Lockbox Key
arl140ar_kaitlyn_home           Kaitlyn's Home - Main Floor
arl140cr_bevin                  Bevin
arl140ip_chest_sword            Chest
arl140ip_codex_calenhad_1       Book
arl140ip_door_upstairs          Second Floor
arl140ip_door_village           Village
arl140ip_dresser_bevin          Dresser
arl140it_chest_key              Bevin's Key
arl141ar_kaitlyn_upstairs       Kaitlyn's Home - Second Floor
arl141ip_codex_wraith           Bookshelf
arl141ip_door_downstairs        Main Floor
arl150ar_tavern                 Tavern
arl150cr_bella                  Bella
arl150cr_berwick                Berwick
arl150cr_drunk_1                Militiaman
arl150cr_drunk_2                Militiaman
arl150cr_drunk_3                Militiaman
arl150cr_lloyd                  Lloyd
arl150ip_codex_graffiti         Graffiti
arl150ip_door_village           Village
arl150ip_keg                    Keg
arl150it_control_stone          Control Rod
arl150it_spy_letter             Letter
arl160ar_wilhelms_cottage       Wilhelm's Cottage
arl160ip_door_village           Village
arl160ip_papers_chantry         Chest
arl160it_circle_letter          Letter
arl170ar_general_store          General Store
arl170ip_barrels                Barrel
arl170ip_codex_shopping         Note
arl170ip_door_village           Village
arl170ip_dwarven_chest          Chest
arl170ip_ledgers                Ledgers
arl170ip_oil_barrel             Barrel
arl170it_note_of_sale           Note of Sale
arl180ar_generic_cottage        House
arl180ip_codex_aysleigh         Bookshelf
arl180ip_door_village           Village
arl190ar_windmill               Windmill
arl190ip_door_dungeon           Secret Passage
arl190ip_door_village           Village
arl200ar_redcliffe_castle       Redcliffe Castle
arl200cr_captain                Captain
arl200cr_cassian                Cassian
arl200cr_dwarf                  Dwarven Soldier
arl200cr_golem                  Golem
arl200cr_guard                  Guard
arl200cr_hunter                 Dalish Hunter
arl200cr_mage                   Senior Enchanter
arl200cr_mage_ambient           Mage
arl200cr_new_knight             Knight
arl200cr_priest                 Priest
arl200cr_quartermaster          Quartermaster
arl200cr_quart_servant          Servant
arl200cr_recruit                Recruit
arl200cr_servant                Servant
arl200cr_suspicious             Guard
arl200cr_templar                Templar
arl200cr_werewolf               Werewolf
arl200ip_armory_rack            Weapon Stand
arl200ip_door_cellar            Basement - Cellar
arl200ip_door_gate              Gate
arl200ip_door_main_floor        Main Floor
arl200ip_door_village           Village
arl200ip_gate_lever             Gate Lever
arl200ip_invis_gate_wall        Gate
arl200ip_to_village_map         World Map
arl210ar_castle_dungeon         Redcliffe Castle - Basement
arl210cr_invis_jowan            Jowan
arl210cr_jowan                  Jowan
arl210cr_jowan_corpse           Enraged Corpse
arl210cr_valena                 Valena
arl210ip_basement_chest         Chest
arl210ip_codex_skeleton         Note
arl210ip_door_courtyard         Courtyard
arl210ip_door_main_floor        Main Floor
arl210ip_door_main_floor_2      Main Floor
arl210ip_door_village           Windmill
arl210ip_jowan_door             Cell Door
arl210ip_sealed_passage         Sealed Passage
arl210ip_secret_door            Secret Door
arl220ar_castle_main_floor      Redcliffe Castle - Main Floor
arl220cr_bella_corpse           Corpse of Bella
arl220cr_chamberlain            Chamberlain
arl220cr_circle_mage            Mage
arl220cr_connor                 Connor
arl220cr_guard_hall             Guard
arl220cr_guard_hall_2           Guard
arl220cr_hannah_corpse          Corpse of Hannah
arl220cr_irving                 First Enchanter Irving
arl220cr_jowan_escort           Guard
arl220cr_kaitlyn_corpse         Corpse of Kaitlyn
arl220cr_lloyd_corpse           Corpse of Lloyd
arl220cr_mabari                 Mabari
arl220cr_murdock_corpse         Corpse of Murdock
arl220cr_perth_corpse           Corpse of Perth
arl220cr_stealing_knight        Knight
arl220cr_suit_of_armor          Suit of Armor
arl220cr_tomas_corpse           Corpse of Tomas
arl220ip_armory_chest           Chest
arl220ip_books_1                Bookshelf
arl220ip_chamb_cabinet          Cabinet
arl220ip_codex_geog_fereld      Book
arl220ip_codex_hst_chantry      Book
arl220ip_codex_hst_orlais       Book
arl220ip_desk_amulet            Desk
arl220ip_dog_chest              Chest
arl220ip_door_armory            Armory
arl220ip_door_cellar            Basement - Cellar
arl220ip_door_courtyard         Courtyard
arl220ip_door_dungeon           Basement - Dungeon
arl220ip_door_main_hall         Main Hall
arl220ip_door_second_floor      Second Floor
arl220ip_door_storage           Door
arl220ip_trophy_statue          Statue
arl220it_vault_key              Redcliffe Vault Key
arl230ar_castle_upstairs        Redcliffe Castle - Upper Floor
arl230cr_demon                  Desire Demon
arl230cr_eamon                  Arl Eamon
arl230ip_codex_aveline          Book
arl230ip_codex_bks_tranq        Book
arl230ip_codex_blight_2         Book
arl230ip_codex_hst_fereld_1     Pile of Books
arl230ip_door_main_floor        Main Floor
arl230ip_door_vault             Vault
arl230ip_eamon_door             Door
arl230ip_eamon_door_2           Door
arl230ip_eamon_door_3           Door
arl230ip_noble_chest            Chest
arl230ip_vault_chest_1          Chest
arl230ip_vault_chest_2          Chest
arl230ip_vault_rack_1           Weapon Stand
arl230ip_vault_rack_2           Weapon Stand
arl300ar_fade                   The Fade
arl300cr_connor_ambient1        Connor
arl300cr_connor_ambient2        Connor
arl300cr_demon                  Demon
arl300cr_demon1                 Demon
arl300cr_demon2                 Demon
arl300cr_demon3                 Demon
arl300cr_eamon                  Arl Eamon
arl300cr_eamon_ambient          Arl Eamon
arl300cr_fake_connor            Connor
arl300ip_to_platform_1          Portal
arl300ip_to_platform_2          Portal
arl300ip_to_platform_3          Portal
arl300ip_to_platform_4          Portal
arl300ip_to_platform_5          Portal
armored_ogre                    Armored Ogre
armored_ogre_boss               Armored Ogre Alpha
ash_wraith                      Ash Wraith
ash_wraith_a                    Ash Wraith
bandit_human_archer             Bandit
bandit_human_daggers            Bandit
bandit_human_heavy              Bandit
bandit_human_leader_1           Bandit
bdc100ar_commons                Orzammar Commons
bdc100cr_ademaro                Ademaro
bdc100cr_amb_f_1                Commoner
bdc100cr_amb_f_2                Commoner
bdc100cr_amb_f_3                Commoner
bdc100cr_amb_f_4                Merchant
bdc100cr_amb_m_1                Commoner
bdc100cr_amb_m_2                Merchant
bdc100cr_amb_m_3                Commoner
bdc100cr_amb_m_4                Commoner
bdc100cr_caravan_merch          Merchant
bdc100cr_gateguard              Proving Guard
bdc100cr_guard_1                Commons Guard
bdc100cr_guard_2                Commons Guard
bdc100cr_guard_3                Commons Guard
bdc100cr_kasch                  Kasch
bdc100cr_olinda                 Olinda
bdc100cr_unna                   Unna
bdc100ip_commons_door           Metal Door
bdc100ip_to_berahts_shop        Beraht's Shop
bdc100ip_to_proving             Proving Grounds
bdc100ip_to_slums               Dust Town
bdc100ip_to_tapsters_tavern     Tapster's Tavern
bdc110ar_berahts_shop           Beraht's Shop
bdc110cr_jarvia                 Jarvia
bdc110cr_shopkeep               Shopkeeper
bdc110im_drug                   Drug
bdc110im_proving_pass           Proving Pass
bdc110ip_shelf                  Shelf
bdc110ip_to_berahts_hideout     Beraht's Hideout
bdc110ip_to_commons             Commons
bdc120ar_berahts_hideout        Beraht's Hideout
bdc120cr_beraht_thug_1          Thug
bdc120cr_beraht_thug_2          Thug
bdc120cr_guard                  Guard
bdc120cr_thug                   Thug
bdc120cr_thug1                  Thug
bdc120cr_thug2                  Thug
bdc120cr_thug3                  Thug
bdc120im_cell_key               Cell Key
bdc120im_lock_pick              Splintered Key
bdc120ip_beraht_door            Door
bdc120ip_cell_door              Cell Door
bdc120ip_cell_door_leske        Cell Door
bdc120ip_crate_healing          Crate
bdc120ip_locked_exit            Door
bdc120ip_player_equip_chest     Confiscated Belongings
bdc120ip_prison_exit            Door
bdc120ip_rubble                 Rubble
bdc120ip_to_berahts_shop        Beraht's Shop
bdc120ip_weapon_chest           Chest
bdc130ar_tapsters_tavern        Tapster's Tavern
bdc130cr_amb_f_1                Tapster's Patron
bdc130cr_amb_f_2                Tapster's Patron
bdc130cr_amb_m_1                Patron
bdc130cr_amb_m_2                Patron
bdc130cr_amb_m_3                Patron
bdc130cr_amb_m_4                Patron
bdc130cr_amb_m_5                Patron
bdc130cr_bartender              Bartender
bdc130cr_oskias                 Oskias
bdc130im_lyrium_ore             Lyrium Nugget
bdc130ip_to_commons             Commons
bdc140ar_proving                Orzammar Proving Grounds
bdc140cr_adalbo                 Adalbo
bdc140cr_amb_f_1                Spectator
bdc140cr_amb_f_2                Spectator
bdc140cr_amb_f_3                Spectator
bdc140cr_amb_m_1                Spectator
bdc140cr_amb_m_2                Spectator
bdc140cr_amb_m_3                Spectator
bdc140cr_duncan                 Duncan
bdc140cr_everd                  Everd
bdc140cr_fightfan               Proving Fan
bdc140cr_lenka                  Lenka
bdc140cr_mainar                 Mainar
bdc140cr_proving_guard          Proving Guard
bdc140cr_proving_master         Proving Master
bdc140im_dagger                 Dagger
bdc140im_dwarfmace              Dwarven Mace
bdc140im_everd_armor            Everd's Armor
bdc140im_everd_axe              Everd's Axe
bdc140im_everd_boots            Everd's Boots
bdc140im_everd_gloves           Everd's Gloves
bdc140im_everd_helm             Everd's Helm
bdc140im_everd_mace             Everd's Mace
bdc140im_everd_shield           Everd's Shield
bdc140im_everd_sword            Everd's Sword
bdc140im_fight_schedule         Fight Schedule
bdc140im_longsword              Dwarven Longsword
bdc140ip_basin                  Mainar's Water Basin
bdc140ip_cod_religion           Carving
bdc140ip_everds_chest           Everd's Armor Chest
bdc140ip_mainar_door            Door
bdc140ip_to_commons             Orzammar Commons
bdc140ip_to_fighters            Fighter's Quarters
bdc140ip_to_lobby               Proving Lobby
bdc200ar_slums                  Dust Town
bdc200cr_amb_f_1                Beggar
bdc200cr_amb_f_2                Beggar
bdc200cr_amb_f_3                Beggar
bdc200cr_amb_f_4                Beggar
bdc200cr_amb_m_1                Beggar
bdc200cr_amb_m_2                Beggar
bdc200cr_amb_m_3                Beggar
bdc200cr_amb_m_4                Beggar
bdc200cr_goilinar               Goilinar
bdc200cr_leske                  Leske
bdc200cr_slum_guard             Guard
bdc200ip_to_commons             Commons
bdc200ip_to_players_home        Home
bdc210ar_players_home           Home
bdc210cr_beraht                 Beraht
bdc210cr_mother                 Kalah
bdc210cr_rica                   Rica
bdc210im_wine_mother            Wine
bdc210ip_player_chest           Chest
bdc210ip_to_slums               Dust Town
bdn100ar_nobles_quarter         Diamond Quarter
bdn100cr_amb_f_1                Dwarven Noble
bdn100cr_amb_f_2                Dwarven Noble
bdn100cr_amb_f_3                Dwarven Noble
bdn100cr_amb_m_1                Dwarven Noble
bdn100cr_amb_m_2                Dwarven Noble
bdn100cr_amb_m_3                Dwarven Noble
bdn100cr_armor_merchant         Armor Merchant
bdn100cr_bhelen                 Prince Bhelen Aeducan
bdn100cr_chatting_female        Noble Woman
bdn100cr_chatting_male          Noble Man
bdn100cr_guard                  Orzammar Guard
bdn100cr_magic_merchant         Magic Merchant
bdn100cr_mardy                  Mardy
bdn100cr_merchant1              Merchant
bdn100cr_merchant2              Merchant
bdn100cr_merchant3              Merchant
bdn100cr_merchant4              Merchant
bdn100cr_merchant5              Merchant
bdn100cr_merchant6              Merchant
bdn100cr_provingguard           Royal Escort
bdn100cr_scholar                Scholar Gertek
bdn100cr_servant                Servant
bdn100cr_silk_merchant          Silk Merchant
bdn100cr_teli                   Teli
bdn100cr_trian                  Prince Trian Aeducan
bdn100cr_vollney                Bruntin Vollney
bdn100cr_weapon_merchant        Weapon Merchant
bdn100im_scholar_book           A History of Aeducan: Paragon, King, Peacemaker
bdn100ip_static_anvil           Anvil
bdn100ip_static_furs            Fur Pile
bdn100ip_static_goblet          Goblet
bdn100ip_static_jar1            Jar
bdn100ip_static_jar2            Jar
bdn100ip_static_jar3            Jar
bdn100ip_static_mug_pewter      Mug
bdn100ip_static_scrolls         Scrolls
bdn100ip_static_winebarrel      Wine Barrel
bdn100ip_to_royal_palace        Royal Palace
bdn100ip_to_royal_palace2       Royal Palace (Estate Entrance)
bdn110ar_proving                Orzammar Proving Grounds
bdn110cr_adal_helmi             Adal Helmi
bdn110cr_aller_bemot            Aller Bemot
bdn110cr_blackstone             Ser Blackstone
bdn110cr_fight_fan              Fight Fan
bdn110cr_frandlin_ivo           Frandlin Ivo
bdn110cr_lesser_noble           Lesser Noble
bdn110cr_mandar_dace            Mandar Dace
bdn110cr_proving_master         Proving Master
bdn110cr_proving_trainer        Proving Trainer
bdn120ar_royal_palace           Orzammar Royal Palace
bdn120cr_amb_f_1                Noble
bdn120cr_amb_f_2                Noble
bdn120cr_amb_f_3                Noble
bdn120cr_amb_m_1                Noble
bdn120cr_amb_m_2                Noble
bdn120cr_amb_m_3                Noble
bdn120cr_bemot                  Lord Bemot
bdn120cr_cook                   Cook
bdn120cr_duncan                 Duncan
bdn120cr_gorim                  Gorim
bdn120cr_grey_warden_1          Grey Warden
bdn120cr_grey_warden_2          Grey Warden
bdn120cr_grey_warden_3          Grey Warden
bdn120cr_guard                  Royal Guard
bdn120cr_guard_patroller        Royal Guard
bdn120cr_harrowmont             Lord Harrowmont
bdn120cr_helmi                  Lady Helmi
bdn120cr_kingendrin             King Endrin Aeducan
bdn120cr_meino                  Lord Meino
bdn120cr_rica                   Mistress
bdn120cr_ronus_dace             Lord Ronus Dace
bdn120cr_servant_f_1            Servant
bdn120cr_servant_f_2            Servant
bdn120cr_servant_f_3            Servant
bdn120cr_servant_m_1            Servant
bdn120cr_servant_m_2            Servant
bdn120cr_servant_m_3            Servant
bdn120im_credit_note            Note of Credit
bdn120ip_bhelen_armoire         Armoire
bdn120ip_bust_1                 Bust of King Endrin
bdn120ip_carving_1              Wall Carving
bdn120ip_carving_2              Wall Carving
bdn120ip_cod_hist_1             Book
bdn120ip_cod_hist_2             Book
bdn120ip_crystal_1              Crystal
bdn120ip_door_bhelen            Bhelen's Room
bdn120ip_door_king              Father's Room
bdn120ip_door_pc                Your Room
bdn120ip_door_throne_room       Throne Room
bdn120ip_door_trian             Trian's Room
bdn120ip_painting_1             Painting
bdn120ip_painting_2             Painting
bdn120ip_pc_armoire             Armoire
bdn120ip_pc_chest               Chest
bdn120ip_pc_vanity              Vanity
bdn120ip_pc_weapon_rack         Weapon Rack
bdn120ip_pileofbooks            Pile of Books
bdn120ip_ricaletter             Letter
bdn120ip_side_door              Door
bdn120ip_to_nobles_quarter      Diamond Quarter
bdn120ip_trianjournal           Trian's Journal
bdn200ar_campfire               Campfire
bdn200ar_ruined_taig            Ruined Thaig
bdn200cr_dead_genlock           Dead Genlock
bdn200cr_frandlin_scout         Frandlin Ivo
bdn200cr_guard_meino            Deep Roads Lieutenant
bdn200cr_merc_ballista          Mercenary
bdn200cr_merc_captain           Mercenary Captain
bdn200cr_merc_melee_1           Mercenary
bdn200cr_merc_melee_2           Mercenary
bdn200cr_merc_ranged_1          Mercenary
bdn200cr_scout                  Scout
bdn200cr_trian_guard_1          Royal Guard
bdn200cr_trian_guard_2          Royal Guard
bdn200im_ballista_bolt          Ballista Bolt
bdn200im_shield                 Aeducan Shield
bdn200im_trian_ring             Aeducan Signet Ring
bdn200ip_ballista               Battered Ballista
bdn200ip_ballista_barrel        Barrel of Ballista Bolts
bdn200ip_rock_door              Cracked Cave Wall
bdn200ip_to_thaig_chamber       Thaig Chamber
bdn210ar_thaig_chamber          Thaig Chamber
bdn210ip_bbolt_chest            Chest
bdn210ip_floor_pad_1            Floor Tile
bdn210ip_floor_pad_2            Floor Tile
bdn210ip_floor_pad_3            Floor Tile
bdn210ip_floor_pad_fake         Floor Tile
bdn210ip_floor_trap_door        Sarcophagus
bdn210ip_to_ruined_thaig        Ruined Thaig
bdn300ar_orzammar_prison        Orzammar Prison
bdn300cr_prison_guard           Guard
bdn300im_prison_clothes         Tattered Prison Clothes
bdn300ip_prison_door            Cell Door
bdn400ar_deep_road_outskirt     Deep Roads Outskirts
bdn400cr_dead_dwarf             Dead Dwarf
bdn400cr_dead_dwarf_2           Dead Dwarf
bdn400cr_dead_dwarf_3           Dead Dwarf
bdn400cr_outskirts_guard        Guard
bdn400cr_prison_guard           Guard
bdn400ip_chest1                 Chest
bdn400ip_corpse1                Corpse
bdn400ip_outskirts_door         Deep Road Outskirts
bdnip_door_breakable            Door
bdnip_door_dbl_unselect         Door
bdnip_door_unbreakable          Door
bdnip_door_unselectable         Door
bear_beareskan_a                Bereskarn
bear_black                      Black Bear
bear_great                      Great Bear
bec000ip_captainlocker          Iron Footlocker
bec000ip_footlocker             Footlocker
bec000ip_trophyroomchest        Ornate Chest
bec000ip_wall                   Wall
bec100ar_elven_alienage         Elven Alienage
bec100cr_alarith                Alarith
bec100cr_ambient_f_1            Elf Woman
bec100cr_ambient_f_2            Elf Woman
bec100cr_ambient_f_3            Elf Woman
bec100cr_ambient_m_1            Elf Man
bec100cr_ambient_m_2            Elf Man
bec100cr_ambient_m_3            Elf Man
bec100cr_beggar                 Beggar
bec100cr_city_guard             Guard
bec100cr_dilwyn                 Dilwyn
bec100cr_duncan                 Duncan
bec100cr_elf_boy                Elf Boy
bec100cr_elf_bridesmaid1        Elf Bridesmaid
bec100cr_elf_bridesmaid2        Elf Bridesmaid
bec100cr_elf_child              Elf Child
bec100cr_elf_commoner_f         Elf Woman
bec100cr_elf_drunken1           Drunken Elf
bec100cr_elf_drunken2           Drunken Elf
bec100cr_elf_drunken3           Drunken Elf
bec100cr_elf_girl               Elf Girl
bec100cr_elf_laborer            Elf Laborer
bec100cr_elf_servant            Elf Servant
bec100cr_elva                   Elva
bec100cr_gethon                 Gethon
bec100cr_guard_captain          Captain of the Guard
bec100cr_henchlord1             Lord Jonaley
bec100cr_henchlord2             Lord Braden
bec100cr_homeless_daughter      Nessa
bec100cr_homeless_elf_man       Nessa's Father
bec100cr_homeless_elf_woman     Nessa's Mother
bec100cr_mother_boann           Mother Boann
bec100cr_nelaros                Nelaros
bec100cr_nesiara                Nesiara
bec100cr_soldier                Soldier
bec100cr_soris                  Soris
bec100cr_taeodor                Taeodor
bec100cr_valendrian             Valendrian
bec100cr_valora                 Valora
bec100cr_vaughan                Vaughan
bec100cr_vaughn_guard1          Palace Guard
bec100cr_vaughn_guard2          Palace Guard
bec100cr_vaughn_guard3          Palace Guard
bec100cr_vaughn_guard4          Palace Guard
bec100cr_vaughn_guard5          Palace Guard
bec100cr_vaughn_guard6          Palace Guard
bec100cr_vaughn_guard7          Palace Guard
bec100cr_vaughn_guard8          Palace Guard
bec100im_duncan_crossbow        Crossbow
bec100im_duncan_longsword       Borrowed Longsword
bec100im_soris_wedding          Soris's Wedding Attire
bec100ip_alienage_tree          Alienage Tree
bec100ip_dummydoor              Door
bec100ip_homeless_cart          Cart
bec100ip_to_alariths_store      Alarith's Store
bec100ip_to_estate_ext          Arl of Denerim's Estate
bec100ip_to_players_house       Home
bec110ar_players_house          Home
bec110cr_father                 Cyrion
bec110cr_shianni                Shianni
bec110im_wedding_f              Wedding Clothes
bec110im_wedding_m              Wedding Clothes
bec110ip_pc_possessions         Footlocker
bec110ip_to_alienage            Alienage
bec120ar_alariths_store         Alarith's Store
bec120ip_cod_culture            Books
bec120ip_to_alienage            Alienage
bec200ar_estate_ext             Arl of Denerim's Estate
bec200cr_guard                  Guard
bec200ip_door_fer_dbl           Door
bec200ip_to_estate_int          Arl's Palace
bec210ar_estate_int             Arl of Denerim's Estate
bec210cr_arls_bodyguard         Bodyguard
bec210cr_barracks_guard1        Off-Duty Guard
bec210cr_barracks_guard2        Off-Duty Guard
bec210cr_barracks_guard3        Off-Duty Guard
bec210cr_captured_woman         Elf Woman
bec210cr_cook                   Cook
bec210cr_cooks_assistant        Adwen
bec210cr_dog_trainer1           Dog Trainer
bec210cr_dog_trainer2           Dog Trainer
bec210cr_elf_servantf           Elf Servant
bec210cr_elf_servantm           Elf Servant
bec210cr_gambling_guard1        Off-Duty Guard
bec210cr_gambling_guard2        Off-Duty Guard
bec210cr_gambling_guard3        Off-Duty Guard
bec210cr_gate_guard1            Guard
bec210cr_gate_guard2            Guard
bec210cr_guard_archer           Guard
bec210cr_mabari1                Mabari
bec210cr_mabari2                Mabari
bec210cr_palace_captain         Guard Captain
bec210cr_palace_guard1          Guard
bec210cr_palace_guard2          Guard
bec210cr_palace_guard3          Guard
bec210cr_palace_guard4          Guard
bec210cr_patroling_guard        Guard
bec210cr_patrol_barracks        Guard
bec210cr_sleeping_guard         Guard
bec210im_brandy                 Brandy
bec210im_cleanser               Cleanser
bec210im_drinks                 Brandy
bec210im_rat_poison             Rat Poison
bec210ip_archery_target         Archery Target
bec210ip_arl_bedroom_door       Door
bec210ip_armour_stand           Armor Stand
bec210ip_brandy_chest           Wine Rack
bec210ip_cage_dog               Kennel
bec210ip_cleaning_barrel        Barrel
bec210ip_cod_hist_1             Books
bec210ip_cod_hist_2             Book
bec210ip_dining_room            Door
bec210ip_door_fer_dbl           Door
bec210ip_female_pc_door         Door
bec210ip_footlocker_medium      Footlocker
bec210ip_jar                    Jar
bec210ip_jar2                   Jar
bec210ip_jar3                   Jar
bec210ip_liquor_cabinet         Liquor Cabinet
bec210ip_locked_door            Metal Door
bec210ip_noninteractivedoor     Metal Door
bec210ip_storage_cabinet        Storage Cabinet
bec210ip_to_estate_ext          Arl's Estate Exterior
bec210ip_unopenable_door        Metal Door
bec210ip_vaughan_armour         Armor Stand
bec210ip_weapon_chest           Weapon Rack
bec210ip_weapon_chest_melee     Weapon Rack
bed100ar_forest_clearing        Forest Clearing
bed100cr_duncan                 Duncan
bed100cr_hunter1                Human
bed100cr_hunter2                Human
bed100cr_hunter3                Human Leader
bed100cr_tamlen                 Tamlen
bed100im_elven_artifacts        Elven Artifact
bed100ip_campfire               Campfire
bed100ip_chest                  Chest
bed100ip_flower_wild            Wild Flower
bed100ip_rubble                 Rubble
bed100ip_stump                  Tree Stump
bed100ip_to_ruins               Cave Entrance
bed110ar_elven_ruins            Elven Ruins
bed110cr_bereskarn              Bereskarn
bed110cr_dead_skel1             Skeleton Archer
bed110cr_dead_skel2             Skeleton Archer
bed110cr_dead_skel3             Skeleton
bed110cr_skeleton               Skeleton
bed110cr_skeleton2              Skeleton
bed110cr_weak_spider            Giant Spider
bed110ip_bones_pile_1           Pile of Bones
bed110ip_bones_pile_2           Pile of Bones
bed110ip_bones_pile_3           Pile of Bones
bed110ip_cocoon                 Cocoon
bed110ip_cocoon2                Cocoon
bed110ip_door_south             Door
bed110ip_lite_bust              Strange Statue
bed110ip_locked_door            Door
bed110ip_mirror                 Mirror
bed110ip_mirror2                Mirror
bed110ip_mirror_door            Metal Door
bed110ip_pressure_plate         Uneven Stone
bed110ip_sarcophagus            Sarcophagus
bed110ip_statue                 Statue
bed110ip_to_forest              Forest Clearing
bed200ar_dalish_camp            Dalish Camp
bed200cr_ashalle                Ashalle
bed200cr_child                  Child
bed200cr_child2                 Child
bed200cr_child3                 Child
bed200cr_child4                 Child
bed200cr_female                 Elf Woman
bed200cr_female2                Elf Woman
bed200cr_female3                Elf Woman
bed200cr_female4                Elf Woman
bed200cr_fenarel                Fenarel
bed200cr_halla                  Halla
bed200cr_hunter_f               Hunter
bed200cr_hunter_f2              Hunter
bed200cr_hunter_f3              Hunter
bed200cr_hunter_f4              Hunter
bed200cr_hunter_m               Hunter
bed200cr_hunter_m2              Hunter
bed200cr_hunter_m3              Hunter
bed200cr_hunter_m4              Hunter
bed200cr_ilen                   Ilen
bed200cr_junar                  Junar
bed200cr_keeper                 Keeper Marethari
bed200cr_maren                  Maren
bed200cr_merrill                Merrill
bed200cr_paivel                 Paivel
bed200cr_pol                    Pol
bed200im_key_heirloom           Key
bed200ip_bench_log              Bench
bed200ip_chest_heirloom         Chest
bed200ip_chest_smith_tools      Chest
bed200ip_chest_wood_large       Chest
bed200ip_cod_dalish_1           Scroll
bed200ip_crate_wood_large       Large Wooden Crate
bed200ip_crate_wood_small       Small Wooden Crate
bed200ip_sack_large             Sack
bed200ip_sack_pile              Pile of Sacks
bed200ip_scroll                 Small Scroll
bed200ip_scroll2                Dusty Scroll
bed200ip_statue1                Fen'Harel
bed200ip_statue2                Ghilan'nain
bed200ip_statuehead1            Eldest of the Sun
bed200ip_statuehead2            God of the Craft
bereskarn                       Bereskarn
bhc100cr_guard_caravan          Commons Guard
bhhm600ip_healing_kits          Vase of Healing
bhm000cr_f_e_apprentice         Apprentice Mage
bhm000cr_f_h_apprentice         Apprentice Mage
bhm000cr_f_h_apprentice2        Apprentice Mage
bhm000cr_f_h_apprentice3        Apprentice Mage
bhm000cr_f_h_mage               Mage
bhm000cr_f_h_mage_2             Mage
bhm000cr_m_e_apprentice         Apprentice Mage
bhm000cr_m_e_mage               Mage
bhm000cr_m_h_apprentice         Apprentice Mage
bhm000cr_m_h_apprentice2        Apprentice Mage
bhm000cr_m_h_apprentice3        Apprentice Mage
bhm000cr_m_h_mage               Mage
bhm000cr_templar                Templar
bhm000im_signed_form            Signed Rod of Fire Request Form
bhm000im_unsigned_form          Rod of Fire Request Form
bhm000ip_locked_door            Metal Door
bhm000ip_vanity                 Vanity
bhm000_unopenabl_door           Metal Door
bhm100ar_tower_level_1          Apprentice Quarters
bhm100cr_classroom1_student     Apprentice
bhm100cr_classroom2_stud_f1     Apprentice
bhm100cr_classroom2_stud_m1     Apprentice
bhm100cr_classroom2_stud_m2     Apprentice
bhm100cr_classroom3_stuent      Apprentice
bhm100cr_door_templar_1         Templar Bran
bhm100cr_door_templar_2         Templar
bhm100cr_elf                    Eadric
bhm100cr_jowan                  Jowan
bhm100cr_jowan_room_chat_1      Apprentice Mage
bhm100cr_jowan_room_chat_2      Apprentice Mage
bhm100cr_mentor1                Enchanter
bhm100cr_mentor2                Enchanter
bhm100cr_mentor3                Enchanter
bhm100cr_player_room_chat_1     Apprentice Mage
bhm100cr_player_room_chat_2     Apprentice Mage
bhm100cr_sweeney                Senior Enchanter Sweeney
bhm100ip_cod_mana               Book
bhm100ip_tower_entrance         Tower Entrance
bhm100ip_to_basement            Basement
bhm100ip_to_level_2             Second Floor
bhm200ar_tower_level_2          Senior Mage Quarters
bhm200cr_f_e_tranquil           Tranquil
bhm200cr_f_h_tranquil           Tranquil
bhm200cr_grey_warden_mage       Mage
bhm200cr_keili                  Keili
bhm200cr_lab_mage_1             Mage
bhm200cr_lab_mage_2             Mage
bhm200cr_leorah                 Senior Enchanter Leorah
bhm200cr_lily                   Lily
bhm200cr_m_e_tranquil           Tranquil
bhm200cr_m_h_tranquil           Tranquil
bhm200cr_niall                  Niall
bhm200cr_owain                  Owain
bhm200cr_room_mage              Mage
bhm200cr_senior_torrin          Senior Enchanter Torrin
bhm200cr_templar                Templar
bhm200im_rodoffire              Rod of Fire
bhm200ip_bc_andraste            Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_annulment           Book
bhm200ip_bc_chantry_founded     Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_chant_blight        Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_chant_maker         Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_chant_redemp        Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_circle_history      Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_city_elf_cultur     Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_city_elf_hist       Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_fereldon_cultur     Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_fereldon_hist       Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_fereldon_hist2      Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_magic_rules         Book
bhm200ip_bc_maleficar           Books
bhm200ip_bc_missing_blood       Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_orzammar            Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_orzammar2           Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_orz_culture         Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_school_blood        Empty Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_school_creation     Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_school_entropy      Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_school_primal       Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_school_spirit       Bookcase
bhm200ip_bc_tranquility         Bookcase
bhm200ip_book                   Book
bhm200ip_bookcase_codex         Bookcase
bhm200ip_bookcase_empty         Bookcase
bhm200ip_chair                  Chair
bhm200ip_chantry_founded        Altar
bhm200ip_circle_heirchy         Bookcase
bhm200ip_fereldon_geog          Bookcase
bhm200ip_grey_wardens           Bookcase
bhm200ip_invis_andraste         The Prophet Andraste
bhm200ip_laboratory_key         Laboratory Storage Key
bhm200ip_locked_double_door     Metal Door
bhm200ip_pile_school_blood      Pile of Books
bhm200ip_reagent_case           Storage Cabinet
bhm200ip_to_level_1             First Floor
bhm200ip_to_level_3             Third Floor
bhm200ip_to_spider_cave         Storage Room
bhm210ip_cod_fade               Book
bhm210ip_irving_barrier         Magical Barrier
bhm250ar_spider_cave            Storage Caves
bhm250cr_spider_giant           Giant Spider
bhm250ip_chest                  Chest
bhm250ip_loot_chest             Chest
bhm250ip_to_level_2             Second Floor
bhm300cr_cullen                 Cullen
bhm300cr_duncan                 Duncan
bhm300ip_to_level_2             Second Floor
bhm300ip_to_level_4             Fourth Floor
bhm400cr_greagoir               Knight-Commander Greagoir
bhm400cr_irving                 First Enchanter Irving
bhm400ip_to_level_3             Third Floor
bhm400ip_to_level_5             Harrowing Chamber
bhm500ar_tower_harrowing        Harrowing Chamber
bhm500ip_to_level_4             Fourth Floor
bhm600ar_fade_harrowing         The Fade
bhm600cr_demon                  Demon
bhm600cr_mouse                  Mouse
bhm600cr_mouse_bear             Mouse
bhm600cr_mouse_human            Mouse
bhm600cr_sloth                  Sloth Demon
bhm600cr_spirit_wolf            Spirit Wolf
bhm600cr_valor                  Spirit of Valor
bhm600cr_wisp                   Wisp
bhm600cr_wispwraith             Wisp Wraith
bhm600im_fade_healing_salve     Shimmering Orb of Light
bhm600im_valor_sword            Valor's Staff
bhm600ip_anvil                  Anvil
bhm600ip_black_city             Twisted Structure
bhm600ip_book_blood             Flaming Books
bhm600ip_book_creation          School of Creation
bhm600ip_book_entropy           School of Entropy
bhm600ip_book_primal            School of Primal
bhm600ip_book_spirit            School of Spirit
bhm600ip_corridor_door          Door
bhm600ip_demons                 Disturbing Statue
bhm600ip_exit_fade              Mysterious Portal
bhm600ip_harrowing              Creepy Scarecrow
bhm600ip_lyrium_bowl            Lyrium Bowl
bhm600ip_mana                   Fade Urn
bhm600ip_vein_lyrium            Lyrium Vein
bhm600ip_weapon_rack            Weapon Stand
bhm700ar_tower_basement         Mage Tower - Basement
bhm700cr_sentinel               Sentinel
bhm700cr_sentinel2              Sentinel
bhm700cr_sentinel_boss          Sentinel Guardian
bhm700cr_spectre                Robed Sentinel
bhm700ip_bookcase               Bookcase
bhm700ip_cannon                 Artifact
bhm700ip_crate                  Wooden Crate
bhm700ip_nice_ring_chest        Chest
bhm700ip_phylactery             Jowan's Phylactery
bhm700ip_seconddoor             Second Door
bhm700ip_sidedoor               Side Door
bhm700ip_staff_chest            Chest
bhm700ip_statue                 Statue
bhm700ip_to_level_1             First Floor
bhm700_book                     Book
bhm700_ip_first_door            First Door
bhmzzip_temp_door               Door
bhn000ip_door_double            Door
bhn000ip_door_large_break       Door
bhn000ip_door_large_reinfor     Metal Door
bhn000ip_door_pantry            Door
bhn100ar_castle_cousland        Castle Cousland
bhn100cr_arl_howe               Arl Howe
bhn100cr_cook                   Cook
bhn100cr_dairren                Dairren
bhn100cr_duncan                 Duncan
bhn100cr_father                 Teyrn Bryce Cousland
bhn100cr_fergus                 Fergus
bhn100cr_gambling_guard         Guard
bhn100cr_gambling_guard1        Guard
bhn100cr_gilmore                Ser Gilmore
bhn100cr_guard                  Guard
bhn100cr_guard_2                Guard
bhn100cr_guard_amb              Guard
bhn100cr_howe_guard             Howe Guard
bhn100cr_howe_guard2            Howe Guard
bhn100cr_iona                   Iona
bhn100cr_kitchen_servant_f      Servant
bhn100cr_kitchen_servant_m      Servant
bhn100cr_landra                 Lady Landra
bhn100cr_library_browser        Librarian
bhn100cr_mallol                 Mother Mallol
bhn100cr_mother                 Teyrna Eleanor
bhn100cr_oren                   Oren
bhn100cr_oriana                 Oriana
bhn100cr_praying_guard          Guard
bhn100cr_praying_guard2         Guard
bhn100cr_rat_giant              Giant Rat
bhn100cr_scribe                 Aldous
bhn100cr_servant_amb            Servant
bhn100cr_servant_f              Servant
bhn100cr_servant_m              Servant
bhn100cr_squire1                Squire
bhn100cr_squire2                Squire
bhn100ip_chest                  Chest
bhn100ip_chest_01               Chest
bhn100ip_chest_pc               Chest
bhn100ip_cod_andraste           Book
bhn100ip_cod_chant_blight       Book
bhn100ip_cod_culture            Book
bhn100ip_cod_hist_1             Books
bhn100ip_cod_hist_2             Book
bhn100ip_cod_politics           Book
bhn100ip_door_tr_blocking       Treasury
bhn100ip_door_upstairs          Door
bhn100ip_dr_lg_blocking         Door
bhn100ip_dr_lg_pt               Door
bhn100ip_dr_sm_wd_pt            Door
bhn100ip_sack_large             Sack
bhn100ip_sack_pile              Pile of Sacks
bhn100ip_sack_small             Sack
bhn100ip_weapon_stand           Weapon Stand
bhn200ar_castle_after_siege     Castle Cousland
bhn200cr_cousland_guard         Guard
bhn200cr_fearful_f              Servant
bhn200cr_fearful_m              Servant
bhn200cr_guard_dead             Guard
bhn200cr_hall_guard             Guard
bhn200cr_howe_archer            Howe Archer
bhn200cr_howe_dual              Howe Soldier
bhn200cr_howe_heavyshield       Howe Soldier
bhn200cr_howe_knight            Howe Knight
bhn200cr_howe_lightshield       Howe Soldier
bhn200cr_howe_long              Howe Soldier
bhn200cr_howe_mace              Howe Soldier
bhn200cr_howe_mage              Howe Mage
bhn200cr_howe_mother1           Howe Soldier
bhn200cr_howe_mother2           Howe Soldier
bhn200cr_howe_pc_bedroom        Howe Archer
bhn200cr_panicked_servant       Servant
bhn200cr_servant_f_dead         Servant
bhn200cr_servant_m_dead         Servant
bhn200cr_warning_servant        Servant
bhn200im_treasury_key           Key
bhn200ip_chest                  Chest
bhn200ip_chest_family           Family Chest
bhn200ip_chest_looted           Chest
bhn200ip_chest_parents          Trunk
bhn200ip_chest_pc               Chest
bhn200ip_corpse_knight          Knight Corpse
bhn200ip_door                   Door
bhn200ip_door_bedroom_hall      Door
bhn200ip_door_landra            Door
bhn200ip_door_small_wood1       Door
bhn200ip_door_treasury          Treasury Door
bhn200ip_dr_db_pt_01            Door
bhn200ip_dr_lg_pt_01            Door
bhn200ip_dr_lg_pt_02            Door
bhn200ip_rubble_healing         Rubble
bhn200ip_sack_large_looted      Sack
bhn200ip_sack_pile_looted       Pile of Sacks
bhn200ip_sack_small_looted      Sack
bhn200ip_treasury_armour        Armor Stand
bhn200ip_treasury_door          Door
bhn200ip_treasury_weapons       Weapon Rack
bhn200ip_weapon_stnd_looted     Weapon Stand
blighted_werewolf               Blighted Werewolf
blighted_werewolf_leader        Blighted Werewolf
blighted_werewolf_nocc          Blighted Werewolf
blighted_werewolf_shadow        Blighted Shadow Wolf
brecilian_forestnw_cutscene     West Brecilian Forest
bronto                          Bronto
broodmother                     Broodmother
broodmother_a                   Broodmother
broodmother_tentacle            Tentacle
cam100ar_camp_plains            Camp
cam100cr_nug_leliana            Schmooples
cam104ar_camp_arch1             Camp
cam110ar_camp_arch3             Camp
cam110cr_tamlen_darkspawn       Tormented Shriek
cam110ip_party_chest            Party Storage Chest
cam900ar_endgame                On the Road
camp900ip_to_camp               Camp for the Night
camp_bodahn                     Bodahn Feddic
camp_sandal                     Sandal
cat_house                       House Cat
charge_betrayal_ostagar         Ostagar
chicken                         Chicken
childer_p1                      Childer Grub
childer_p1_alpha                Childer Grub Alpha
childer_p1_explosive            Childer Grub
childer_p1_nocc                 Childer Grub
childer_p2                      Childer Hatchling
childer_p2_alpha                Childer Hatchling Alpha
childer_p2_explosive            Childer Hatchling
childer_p2_nocc                 Childer Hatchling
childer_p3                      Adult Childer
childer_p3_alpha                Adult Childer Alpha
childer_p3_explosive            Adult Childer
childer_p3_nocc                 Adult Childer
child_dog_conversation          Child
cinearchdemon                   Archdemon
cip000ip_fade_arc_horr_effe     Door
cir000im_litany                 Litany of Adralla
cir000ip_broken_door            Door
cir000ip_cabinet                Closet
cir000ip_chest                  Chest
cir000ip_fade_door_1            Door
cir000ip_fade_golem_door        Massive Door
cir000ip_fade_jump_door         Door
cir000ip_fade_mouse_hole        Mouse Hole
cir000ip_fade_pedistal          Fade Pedestal
cir000ip_fade_portal            Door
cir000ip_fade_spirit_portal     Spirit Door
cir000ip_invis_block            Invisible Blocker
cir000ip_locked_door            Metal Door
cir000ip_locked_double_door     Metal Door
cir000ip_raw_fade_barr          Fade Portal
cir000ip_raw_fade_jump          Fade Portal
cir000ip_reward_con             Essence of Constitution
cir000ip_reward_dex             Essence of Dexterity
cir000ip_reward_int             Essence of Cunning
cir000ip_reward_magic           Essence of Magic
cir000ip_reward_str             Font of Strength
cir000ip_reward_will            Essence of Willpower
cir000ip_spirit_chest           Chest
cir100ar_docks                  Lake Calenhad Docks
cir100cr_carroll                Carroll
cir100cr_kester                 Kester
cir100cr_memorial_templar       Templar
cir100cr_scavenger              Scavenger
cir100cr_scholar                Theoretical Scholar
cir100cr_scholar_2              Bitter Scholar
cir100ip_greagoir_door          Metal Door
cir100ip_health_corpse          Soldier Corpse
cir100ip_lt_abom_1              Pile of Rags
cir100ip_lt_appnote3            Apprentice Note
cir100ip_lt_appnote4            Apprentice Note
cir100ip_lt_appnote5            Apprentice Note
cir100ip_lt_appnote6            Apprentice Note
cir100ip_lt_bestiary            Elvorn's Grande Bestiary
cir100ip_lt_book1               Torn Book
cir100ip_lt_book1b              Torn Book
cir100ip_lt_bookpile1           Pile of Books
cir100ip_lt_bookpile2           Pile of Books
cir100ip_lt_denribed            Denri's Bed
cir100ip_lt_footlock1           Apprentice's Footlocker
cir100ip_lt_footlock2           Apprentice's Footlocker
cir100ip_lt_footlock3           Apprentice's Footlocker
cir100ip_lt_phylactory          Novice Phylactery
cir100ip_lt_reach               Pile of Rags
cir100ip_lt_recite              Rodercoms Uncommon Calling
cir100ip_lt_rubble              Pile of Rubble
cir100ip_lt_spiritbook          Spiritorum Etherialis
cir100ip_lt_statue              Magus Gorvish
cir100ip_lt_summ_flame          Summoning the First
cir100ip_lt_summ_flame2         Summoning the Second
cir100ip_lt_summ_flame3         Summoning the Third
cir100ip_lt_summ_flame4         Summoning the Fourth
cir100ip_lt_table               Common Table Carving Spot
cir100ip_lt_tome1               Tome of Spirit Personages
cir100ip_summoning_font         Summoning Font
cir100ip_to_inn                 The Spoiled Princess
cir110ar_inn                    The Spoiled Princess
cir110ar_inn_deco_door          Door
cir110ip_inn_deco_door_2        Door
cir110ip_to_docks               The Docks
cir200ar_tower_level_1          Apprentice Quarters
cir200cr_abom_dead              Abomination
cir200cr_bloodmage              Blood Mage
cir200cr_dead_mage_1            Dead Mage
cir200cr_dead_mage_2            Dead Mage
cir200cr_dead_mage_3            Dead Mage
cir200cr_dead_mage_4            Dead Mage
cir200cr_dead_templar           Templar
cir200cr_greagoir               Knight-Commander Greagoir
cir200cr_keili                  Keili
cir200cr_kids                   Child
cir200cr_kid_2                  Apprentice
cir200cr_kid_3                  Apprentice
cir200cr_kinnon                 Kinnon
cir200cr_lt_abom_1              Rage Abomination
cir200cr_lt_foreshadow          Arl Foreshadow
cir200cr_lt_rea_demon           Shah Wyrd
cir200cr_lt_summ_nug            Spirit Hog
cir200cr_lt_summ_rifter2        Fade Rifter
cir200cr_lt_summ_whim           Trickster Whim
cir200cr_petra                  Petra
cir200cr_post_templar           Templar
cir200cr_post_templar_2         Templar
cir200cr_shopman                Quartermaster
cir200cr_templar                Templar
cir200cr_templar2               Templar
cir200cr_templar3               Templar
cir200cr_templar_extra          Templar
cir200cr_thankful_mage          Mage
cir200cr_thankful_mage_2        Mage
cir200cr_wounded                Wounded Mage
cir200cr_wounded_templar        Wounded Templar
cir200im_abom_note1             Scrap of Paper
cir200im_abom_note2             Scrap of Paper
cir200im_abom_note3             Scrap of Paper
cir200im_abom_note4             Scrap of Paper
cir200im_abom_note5             Scrap of Paper
cir200im_abom_note6             Scrap of Paper
cir200im_censurenote            Notice of Censure
cir200im_fore_book              Arl Foreshadow's Journal
cir200ip_appr_amulet            Charred Corpse
cir200ip_bc_harrowing           Note
cir200ip_bloodstain_1           Blood
cir200ip_godwin_closet          Closet
cir200ip_irving_chest           Irving's Chest
cir200ip_lt_abom_2              Pile of Rags
cir200ip_lt_abom_3              Pile of Rags
cir200ip_tower_exit             World Map
cir200ip_to_level_2             Second Floor
cir200ip_wilhelm_journal        Wilhelm's Journal
cir200ip_wynne_barrier          Wynne's Barrier
cir200ip_wynne_intro_door       Door
cir210ar_tower_level_2          Senior Mage Quarters
cir210cr_blood_mage_01          Blood Mage
cir210cr_blood_mage_02          Blood Mage
cir210cr_blood_mage_03          Blood Mage
cir210cr_gentled                Tranquil
cir210cr_godwin                 Godwin
cir210cr_lt_abom_2              Rage Abomination
cir210cr_lt_revenant            Revenant
cir210cr_owain                  Owain
cir210im_lt_paintedbox          Small Painted Box
cir210im_rev_note               Scrap of Paper
cir210ip_amulet_corpse          Soldier Corpse
cir210ip_barrier                Barrier
cir210ip_bc_frats               Bookcase
cir210ip_book_gift              Pile of Books
cir210ip_lt_belcache            Bel's Cache
cir210ip_lt_irvingbook          Enchanter's Journal
cir210ip_lt_irvingdesk          First Enchanter's Desk
cir210ip_lt_irvingshelf         Scrap of Paper
cir210ip_picture_corpse         Charred Corpse
cir210ip_topplestat             Toppled Statue
cir210ip_to_level_1             First Floor
cir210ip_to_level_3             Third Floor
cir210ip_vanity_necklace        Vanity
cir220ar_tower_level_3          Great Hall
cir220cr_abomination2           Abomination
cir220cr_abom_creation          Abomination
cir220cr_abom_entropy           Abomination
cir220cr_abom_primal            Abomination
cir220cr_abom_spirit            Abomination
cir220cr_blood_mage_boss        Blood Mage
cir220cr_desire_demon           Desire Demon
cir220cr_desire_templar         Bewitched Templar
cir220cr_enraged                Enraged Corpse
cir220cr_possessedtemplar       Possessed Templar
cir220cr_sacrificial_tranq      Tranquil
cir220cr_sacrificial_tranq2     Tranquil
cir220cr_templar_shield         Possessed Templar
cir220ip_lt_abom_4              Pile of Rags
cir220ip_lt_abom_5              Pile of Rags
cir220ip_lt_page1               Torn Page
cir220ip_lt_page2               Torn Page
cir220ip_lt_page3               Torn Page
cir220ip_lt_page4               Torn Page
cir220ip_lt_page5               Torn Page
cir220ip_lt_statue1             Statue
cir220ip_lt_statue2             Statue
cir220ip_lt_statue3             Statue
cir220ip_lt_statue4             Statue
cir220ip_runestone_corpse       Charred Corpse
cir220ip_sealed_door            Metal Door
cir220ip_to_level_2             Second Floor
cir220ip_to_level_4             Fourth Floor
cir230ar_tower_level_4          Templar Quarters
cir230cr_ash_wraith             Wraith
cir230cr_blood_mage_01          Blood Mage
cir230cr_blood_mage_02          Blood Mage
cir230cr_charmed_templar        Charmed Templar
cir230cr_cs_abomination         Abomination
cir230cr_cullen                 Cullen
cir230cr_nialls_body            Niall's Body
cir230cr_possessed_templar      Charmed Templar
cir230cr_sloth_demon            Sloth Demon
cir230cr_tempar_desire          Desire Demon
cir230ip_bc_bks_calenhad        Book
cir230ip_bc_hst_tevinter        Book
cir230ip_cowl_corpse            Charred Corpse
cir230ip_dagger_chest           Chest
cir230ip_dog_chest              Chest
cir230ip_lt_abom_6              Pile of Rags
cir230ip_sloth_door             Door
cir230ip_templr_desire_door     Door
cir230ip_to_harrowing           Harrowing Chamber
cir230ip_to_level_3             Third Floor
cir230ip_vanity_sailor          Vanity
cir240ar_tower_harrowing        Harrowing Chamber
cir240cr_abomination            Abomination
cir240cr_abomination_extra      Abomination
cir240cr_abomination_star       Abomination
cir240cr_irving                 First Enchanter Irving
cir240cr_sacrificial_mage       Mage
cir240cr_uldred                 Uldred
cir240cr_uldred_human           Uldred
cir240ip_to_level_4             Fourth Floor
cir300ar_fade                   The Raw Fade
cir300cr_beresaad1              Qunari Soldier
cir300cr_beresaad2              Qunari Soldier
cir300cr_cailan                 Prince Cailan
cir300cr_chantry_priest_2       Chantry Priest
cir300cr_dead_apprentice        Dead Apprentice
cir300cr_dead_apprentice2       Dead Apprentice
cir300cr_dead_apprentice3       Dead Apprentice
cir300cr_demon_child            Child
cir300cr_demon_child_2          Child
cir300cr_flemeth                Flemeth
cir300cr_goldanna               Goldanna
cir300cr_grey_warden            Grey Warden
cir300cr_lelianas_mother        Revered Mother
cir300cr_leliana_demon          Greater Shade
cir300cr_mage_apprentice        Mage Apprentice
cir300cr_maric                  King Maric
cir300cr_mouse_attacker_dem     Rage Demon
cir300cr_niall                  Niall
cir300cr_og_dwarf1              Dwarven Leader
cir300cr_og_dwarf2              Drunk Dwarf
cir300cr_og_dwarf3              Sarcastic Dwarf
cir300cr_og_dwarf4              Belligerent Dwarf
cir300cr_raw_boss               Yevena
cir300cr_shade_boss             Shade
cir300cr_sloth_demon            Sloth Demon
cir300cr_sloth_demon_f          Sloth Demon
cir300cr_sloth_hunger           Sloth
cir300cr_sloth_ogre             Sloth
cir300cr_sloth_rage             Sloth
cir300cr_sloth_shade            Sloth
cir300cr_zev_torture_1          Crude Torturer
cir300cr_zev_torture_2          Cruel Torturer
cir300ip_campfire_prop          Campfire
cir300ip_cauldron_prop          Cauldron
cir300ip_fade_portal_opener     Fade Portal
cir300ip_lyrium_mana            Lyrium Vein
cir300ip_raw_pedistal           Fade Pedestal
cir310ar_fade_burning_tower     Burning Tower
cir310cr_burning_demon          Burning Demon
cir310cr_burning_hound          Burning Hound
cir310cr_burning_hound_2        Burning Hound
cir310cr_burning_templar        Burning Templar
cir310cr_burning_templar_2      Burning Templar
cir310cr_rage_demon_boss        Rhagos
cir310cr_shambling_corpse       Shambling Corpse
cir310cr_templar_dreamer        Templar Dreamer
cir320ar_fade_darkspawn_inv     Darkspawn Invasion
cir320cr_darkspawn_emmisary     Darkspawn Emissary
cir320cr_genlock_1              Genlock
cir320cr_genlock_2              Genlock
cir320cr_genlock_flaming        Flaming Darkspawn
cir320cr_hurlock_1              Hurlock
cir320cr_hurlock_2              Hurlock
cir320cr_hurlock_3              Hurlock
cir320cr_hurlock_flaming        Flaming Darkspawn
cir320cr_ogre_boss              Uthkiel the Crusher
cir320cr_spirit_from_darksp     Darkspawn Spirit
cir320cr_spirit_gen_1           Darkspawn Spirit
cir320cr_spirit_hurlock_1       Darkspawn Spirit
cir320cr_templar_spirit         Templar Spirit
cir330ar_fade_mage_asunder      Mage Asunder
cir330cr_arcane_horror          Arcane Horror
cir330cr_chantry_priest         Chantry Priest
cir330cr_chantry_priest_3       Chantry Priest
cir330cr_chef                   Chef
cir330cr_complaining_mage_1     Mage
cir330cr_complaining_mage_2     Mage
cir330cr_cook                   Cook
cir330cr_crazy_mage_0           Crazy Mage
cir330cr_crazy_mage_1           Crazy Mage
cir330cr_crazy_mage_2           Crazy Mage
cir330cr_crazy_mage_3           Crazy Mage
cir330cr_cursed_mage            Cursed Dreamer
cir330cr_fragment_keeper_1      Priest
cir330cr_golem                  Stone Golem
cir330cr_hunger_demon_boss      Slavren
cir330cr_mage_1                 Mage
cir330cr_mage_2                 Mage
cir330cr_mage_class_1           Mage Pupil
cir330cr_mage_class_2           Mage Pupil
cir330cr_mage_class_3           Mage Pupil
cir330cr_mage_class_4           Mage Pupil
cir330cr_mage_fem_1             Mage
cir330cr_mage_fem_2             Mage
cir330cr_mage_instructor        Mage Instructor
cir330cr_mage_instructor_2      Mage Instructor
cir330cr_mage_pupil_1           Mage Pupil
cir330cr_mage_pupil_2           Mage Pupil
cir330cr_mage_teacher           Mage Instructor
cir330cr_mage_teacher_2         Mage Instructor
cir330cr_priest_2               Mage
cir330cr_servant_1              Servant
cir330cr_servant_2              Servant
cir330cr_servant_3              Servant
cir330ip_ambush_door            Door
cir330ip_arcane_hall_door       The Inner Sanctum
cir330ip_bc_tranquility         Bookcase
cir330ip_stairs_down            Stairs
cir330ip_stairs_up              Stairs
cir340ar_fade_templar_night     Templar's Nightmare
cir340cr_ah_form                Arcane Horror
cir340cr_succubus_boss          Vereveel
cir340cr_unconscious_templa     Unconscious Templar
cir340ip_demon_statue           Disturbing Statue
cir340ip_succubus_door          Door
cir350ar_fade_weisshaupt        Weisshaupt
cir350cr_duncan                 Duncan
cir350cr_warden_1               Warden
cir350cr_warden_2               Warden
cir360ar_sloth_demon            Sloth Demon's Sanctum
cir361ar_alistair               Alistair's Nightmare
cir362ar_dog                    Dog's Nightmare
cir363ar_leliana                Leliana's Nightmare
cir365ar_morrigan               Morrigan's Nightmare
cir366ar_oghren                 Oghren's Nightmare
cir367ar_shale                  Shale's Nightmare
cir368ar_sten                   Sten's Nightmare
cir369ar_wynne                  Wynne's Nightmare
cir370ar_zevran                 Zevran's Nightmare
cl150cr_redcliffe_melee         Redcliffe Soldier
cli000cr_army_dwarf             Dwarven Infantry
cli000cr_army_elf               Elven Archer
cli000cr_army_golem             Steel Golem
cli000cr_army_legion            Legion of the Dead Avenger
cli000cr_army_mage              Battle Mage
cli000cr_army_redcliffe         Redcliffe Infantry
cli000cr_army_templar           Templar
cli000cr_army_werewolf          Werewolf
cli000cr_dead_genlock           Dead Genlock
cli000cr_dead_hurlock           Dead Hurlock
cli000cr_dead_ogre              Dead Ogre
cli000cr_dead_soldier1          Dead Soldier
cli000cr_dead_soldier2          Dead Soldier
cli000cr_dead_soldier3          Dead Soldier
cli01cr_messenger               Messenger
cli100ar_redcliffe_village      Redcliffe Village
cli100cr_survivor               Redcliffe Survivor
cli100ip_to_castle              To Redcliffe Castle
cli100ip_unusable_door2         Door
cli100ip_unusable_door3         Door
cli150ar_redcliffe_castle       Redcliffe Castle
cli150cr_redcliffe_castle       Redcliffe Soldier
cli150ip_chest_a                Chest
cli150ip_chest_b                Chest
cli150ip_to_village             Village
cli200ar_fort_main_floor        Fort Drakon - Main Floor
cli200cr_conjurer               Genlock Conjurer
cli200cr_shapechanger           Genlock Shapechanger
cli200ip_storage_door           Door
cli200ip_to_exterior            Fort Exterior
cli200ip_to_second_floor        Second Floor
cli210ar_fort_second_floor      Fort Drakon - Second Floor
cli210cr_genlock_acolyte        Genlock Assassin Acolyte
cli210cr_genlock_alpha          Genlock Master Assassin
cli210ip_chest                  Chest
cli210ip_chest2                 Chest
cli210ip_door_blocked           Metal Door
cli210ip_to_main_floor          Main Floor
cli210ip_to_roof                Rooftop
cli220ar_fort_roof_1            Fort Drakon - Roof
cli220cr_archdemon              Archdemon
cli220cr_arl_eamon              Arl Eamon
cli220cr_greagoir               Knight-Commander Greagoir
cli220cr_irving                 First Enchanter Irving
cli220cr_kardol                 Kardol
cli220cr_swiftrunner            Swiftrunner
cli220cr_zathrian               Zathrian
cli220ip_ballista_base          Ballista Mount
cli220ip_ballista_top           Ballista
cli220ip_ballista_top2          Ballista
cli300ar_redcliffe_castle       Redcliffe Castle - Main Floor
cli300cr_bodyguard              Bodyguard
cli300cr_dwarf_commander        Dwarf Commander
cli300cr_dwarf_soldier          Dwarven Soldier
cli300cr_dwarf_soldier1         Dwarven Soldier
cli300cr_dwarf_soldier2         Dwarven Soldier
cli300cr_eamon                  Arl Eamon
cli300cr_riordan                Riordan
cli300cr_teagan                 Lord Teagan
cli300ip_door_plot_locked       Door
cli300ip_exit_door              Metal Door
cli300ip_to_second_floor        Second Floor
cli310ar_redcliffe_castle_2     Redcliffe Castle - Upper Floor
cli310ip_to_main_floor          Main Floor
cli400ar_city_gates             Denerim - City Gates
cli400cr_city_gate_defender     Soldier
cli400cr_soldier_cheer1         Soldier
cli400cr_soldier_cheer2         Soldier
cli400cr_soldier_cheer3         Soldier
cli400cr_soldier_cheer_rand     Soldier
cli410ar_city_gates_defend      Denerim - City Gates
cli410cr_ferelden_soldier       Soldier
cli410cr_ferelden_soldier2      Soldier
cli410cr_knight                 Knight
cli410cr_messenger              Messenger
cli410cr_officer                Officer
cli420ar_city_gates_cutscn      Denerim - City Gates
cli420cr_anora                  Anora
cli600ar_elven_alienage         Denerim - Elven Alienage
cli600cr_alien_defender         Elf
cli600cr_alien_defender6        Elf
cli600cr_alien_ds_leader        Hurlock General
cli600cr_elder                  Shianni
cli600cr_hurlock_melee          Hurlock
cli600cr_hurlock_ranged         Hurlock
cli600cr_ogre                   Ogre
cli600ip_bench                  Bench
cli600ip_closed_gate            Gate
cli600ip_gate_to_citygates      Gate
cli600ip_gate_to_citygates2     Gate
cli700ar_markets                Denerim - Market District
cli700cr_market_defender        Soldier
cli700cr_market_ds_leader       Hurlock General
cli700cr_panicked_female        Commoner
cli700cr_panicked_male          Commoner
cli800ar_palace_district        Palace District
cli800cr_palace_defender        Soldier
cli900ar_fort_exterior          Fort Drakon
cli900cr_dragon_thrall          Dragon Thrall
cli900ip_to_city                Door
cli900ip_to_fort_interior       Fort Drakon
coa100ar_city                   City of Amaranthine
coa100cr_apostate_1             Mumbling Man
coa100cr_apostate_2             Rambling Elf
coa100cr_apostate_3             Muttering Elf
coa100cr_apostate_4             Apostate Mage
coa100cr_captain_aidan          Constable Aidan
coa100cr_chanter                Chanter
coa100cr_citizen_1              Noble
coa100cr_citizen_2              Noble
coa100cr_citizen_3              Commoner
coa100cr_citizen_4              Commoner
coa100cr_colbert                Colbert
coa100cr_dark_wolf              Suspicious Guard
coa100cr_derren                 Ser Derren
coa100cr_dwarfmerch             Glassric the Weaponsmith
coa100cr_eddelbrek              Lord Eddelbrek
coa100cr_esmerelle              Bann Esmerelle
coa100cr_guard_checkpoint       Guard
coa100cr_guard_female_01        City Guard
coa100cr_guard_female_02        City Guard
coa100cr_guard_female_03        City Guard
coa100cr_guard_gate_1           Guard
coa100cr_guard_gate_2           Guard
coa100cr_guard_key              Sergeant
coa100cr_guard_key_fake         Sergeant
coa100cr_guard_male_01          City Guard
coa100cr_guard_male_02          City Guard
coa100cr_guard_male_03          City Guard
coa100cr_hired_goon_1           Hired Goon
coa100cr_hired_goon_2           Hired Goon
coa100cr_hired_goon_leader1     Hired Goon Leader
coa100cr_kendrick               Kendrick
coa100cr_lieutenant             Lieutenant
coa100cr_market_smuggler        Suspicious Character
coa100cr_merchant_1             Master Henley
coa100cr_merchant_2             Octham the Grocer
coa100cr_mervis                 Mervis
coa100cr_micah                  Micah
coa100cr_nida                   Nida
coa100cr_nidafriend             Bran
coa100cr_refugee_f              Refugee
coa100cr_refugee_m              Refugee
coa100cr_shady_figure           Shady Character
coa100cr_shady_figure_rep       Shady Character
coa100cr_sniper                 Jacen
coa100cr_steafan                Steafan
coa100cr_survivor_1             Refugee
coa100cr_survivor_2             Refugee
coa100cr_templar                Rylock
coa100cr_thug_1                 Thug
coa100cr_thug_2                 Thug
coa100cr_thug_3                 Thug
coa100cr_villager_1             Villager
coa100cr_villager_2             Villager
coa100cr_wynne                  Wynne
coa100im_aura_letter            A Letter from Aura
coa100im_guardhouse_key         Guardhouse Key
coa100im_orphans_hammer         Hammer
coa100im_orphans_pie            Pie
coa100im_orphans_pitchfork      Pitchfork
coa100im_orphans_scarecrow      Scarecrow
coa100im_orphans_toy            Doll
coa100im_poison                 Poison
coa100im_sniper_cage_key        Cell Key
coa100im_suicide_note_f3        Second Note Fragment
coa100im_suicide_note_f4        Third Note Fragment
coa100ip_anders_gift4           Homer's Toys
coa100ip_anders_tree            Tree
coa100ip_catwalk_door           Stairs to Battlements
coa100ip_chanters_board         Chanter's Board
coa100ip_convoy_cart            Convoy Cart
coa100ip_excavator_cache        Packed Earth
coa100ip_guardhouse_door        Door
coa100ip_justice_statue         Statue
coa100ip_merchant_board         Merchants' Guild Board
coa100ip_nathaniel_statue       Statue
coa100ip_oghren_board           Marketplace Handbills
coa100ip_orphans_flwrs_spot     Doorstep
coa100ip_orphans_hammer         Hammer
coa100ip_orphans_pie            Pie
coa100ip_orphans_pitchfork      Pitchfork
coa100ip_orphans_scarecrow      Scarecrow
coa100ip_orphans_scrow_spot     Soft Ground
coa100ip_orphans_soles          Shoe Soles
coa100ip_orphans_toy            Doll
coa100ip_poison                 Poison
coa100ip_sigrun_market          Market Stall
coa100ip_smugglers_door         Smuggler's Cove
coa100ip_smugglers_key          Smugglers' Key
coa100ip_sniper_cage            Cage
coa100ip_suicide_corpse         Karrem
coa100ip_suicide_note_3         Note Fragment
coa100ip_to_chantry             Chantry of Our Lady Redeemer
coa100ip_to_inn                 The Crown and Lion
coa100ip_to_moonshine_den       Hubert's Den
coa100ip_to_warehouse           Abandoned Warehouse
coa100ip_velanna_gift1          Crate
coa100ip_velanna_oak            Tree
coa100ip_wool_padding           Chest
coa110ar_inn                    The Crown and Lion
coa110cr_bartender              Bartender
coa110cr_commenter_1            Patron
coa110cr_commenter_2            Patron
coa110cr_innkeeper              Innkeeper
coa110cr_prankster_1            Patron
coa110cr_prankster_2            Patron
coa110cr_rat                    Ferret
coa110cr_sorcha                 Sorcha
coa110im_kristoffs_room_key     Inn Key
coa110im_orphans_bottle         Antivan Brandy
coa110im_orphans_irritant       Pouch of Herbs
coa110im_orphans_knife          Kitchen Knife
coa110im_orphans_soles          Shoe Soles
coa110im_suicide_note_f2        Note Fragment
coa110ip_blackmarsh_map         Map of Ferelden
coa110ip_justice_gift4          Chest
coa110ip_kristoffs_door         Door
coa110ip_kristoff_chest         Chest
coa110ip_oghren_gift1           Crate
coa110ip_oil                    Oil
coa110ip_orphans_board          "Blight Orfans Notis Bord"
coa110ip_orphans_irritant       Herbs
coa110ip_orphans_knife          Kitchen Knife
coa110ip_orphan_donate          "Blight Orfans Donashun Tin"
coa110ip_orphan_donate_2        "Blight Orfans Donashun Box"
coa110ip_suicide_note_2         Note Fragment
coa110ip_to_city                City of Amaranthine
coa120cr_thief_01               Thief
coa120cr_thief_02               Thief
coa120cr_thief_03               Thief
coa120cr_thief_leader           Thief
coa130ar_smugglers_cove         Smuggler's Cove
coa130cr_emissary               Genlock Emissary
coa130cr_smuggler               Smuggler
coa130cr_smuggler_leader        Smuggler Leader
coa130ip_exit                   City of Amaranthine
coa130ip_exit_tavern            The Crown and Lion
coa130ip_nathaniel_gift2        Crate
coa130ip_sigrun_gift2           Toy Box
coa130ip_treasure_1             Smuggler's Cache
coa130ip_treasure_2             Smuggler's Cache
coa140ar_chantry                Chantry of Our Lady Redeemer
coa140ar_sigrun_gift3           Potted Plant
coa140cr_grieving_widow         Alma
coa140cr_revered_mother         Revered Mother
coa140cr_templar_apostate       Ser Rylien
coa140im_orphans_flowers        Flowers
coa140im_orphans_sermons        The Sermons of Justinia II
coa140ip_anders_gift1           Lost and Found
coa140ip_excavator_records      Records
coa140ip_orphans_dresser        Mother Leanna's Bed
coa140ip_orphans_flowers        Flowers
coa140ip_orphans_sermons        The Sermons of Justinia II
coa140ip_to_amaranthine         City of Amaranthine
coa140ip_velanna_book           Books
coa150ar_moonshine_den          Hubert's Den
coa150cr_moonshine_goon_1       Moonshiner
coa150cr_moonshine_goon_2       Moonshiner
coa150cr_moonshine_leader       Moonshiner
coa150im_orphans_moonshine      Moonshine
coa150ip_moonshine_crate        Crate of Moonshine
coa150ip_oghren_gift2           Crate
coa150ip_to_amaranthine         City of Amaranthine
coa160ar_anders_warehouse       Abandoned Warehouse
coa160cr_templar_f              Templar
coa160cr_templar_m              Templar
coa160ip_armoire                Armoire
coa160ip_justice_gift1          Bookshelf
coa160ip_oghren_gift5           Crate
coa160ip_phylactery_shelf       Shelf
coa160ip_to_city                City of Amaranthine
coa160ip_to_phylactery          Door
cod_hst_ferelden2               Codex Book
corpse_d                        Corpse, Devouring
corpse_devouring                Devouring Corpse
corpse_devouring_putrid         Putrid Devouring Corpse
corpse_e                        Corpse, Enraged
corpse_enraged                  Enraged Corpse
corpse_enraged_ravenous         Ravenous Enraged Corpse
corpse_s                        Corpse, Shambling
corpse_shambling                Shambling Corpse
corpse_shambling_desiccated     Desiccated Shambling Corpse
cs_archer_01                    Soldier
cs_archer_02                    Soldier
cs_archer_03                    Soldier
cs_archer_04                    Soldier
cs_archer_05                    Soldier
cs_arrow                        Arrow
cs_proving_guard                Proving Guard
cutscene_palace_district        Palace District
deepstalker                     Deepstalker
deep_stalker                    Deep Stalker
deep_stalker_leader             Deep Stalker Leader
deep_stalker_spitter            Deep Stalker
deer                            Deer
default_dw_comm_r               Default Dwarf Commoner Rogue
default_dw_comm_w               Default Dwarf Commoner Warrior
default_dw_noble_r              Default Dwarf Noble Rogue
default_dw_noble_w              Default Dwarf Noble Warrior
default_elf_city_r              Default Elf City Rogue
default_elf_city_w              Default Elf City Warrior
default_elf_dal_r               Default Elf Dalish Rogue
default_elf_dal_w               Default Elf Dalish Warrior
default_hm_noble                Default Human Male Noble Warrior
default_hm_noble_r              Default Human Male Noble Rogue
default_mage                    Default Male Mage
default_orlesian_warden_m       Default Orlesian Warden Mage
default_orlesian_warden_r       Default Orlesian Warden Rogue
default_orlesian_warden_w       Default Orlesian Warden Warrior
default_player                  Jaden
default_rogue                   Default Rogue
default_start_area              Dragon Age
default_warrior                 Default Warrior
default_wizard                  Default Mage
demon_pride                     Greater Pride Demon
demon_pride_b                   Greater Pride Demon
demon_pride_lesser              Lesser Pride Demon
den000ip_armor_stand            Armor Stand
den000ip_double_door_cityma     City Map
den000ip_exit_city_small        City Map
den000ip_locked_chest_med       Chest
den100ar_brothel                The Pearl
den100cr_bouncer_1              Bouncer
den100cr_bouncer_2              Bouncer
den100cr_bouncer_3              Bouncer
den100cr_cristof                Cristof
den100cr_dwarf_drag             Husky Dwarf
den100cr_nug                    Nug
den100cr_paedan                 Paedan
den100cr_paedan_thug            Qunari Mercenary
den100cr_paedan_thug_2          Qunari Mercenary
den100cr_prost_fem_1            Female Companion
den100cr_prost_fem_2            Female Companion
den100cr_prost_fem_3            Female Companion
den100cr_prost_fem_4            Female Companion
den100cr_prost_fem_5            Female Companion
den100cr_prost_fem_6            Female Companion
den100cr_prost_male_1           Male Companion
den100cr_prost_male_2           Male Companion
den100cr_prost_male_3           Male Companion
den100cr_prost_male_4           Male Companion
den100cr_prost_male_5           Male Companion
den100cr_prost_male_6           Male Companion
den100cr_prost_tran_1           "Female" Companion
den100cr_prost_tran_2           "Female" Companion
den100cr_sanga                  Sanga
den100cr_shaevra                Shaevra
den100cr_white_falcon           White Falcon Mercenary
den100cr_white_falcon_arc       White Falcon Archer
den100cr_white_falcon_lead      White Falcon Veteran
den100cr_white_falc_2           White Falcon Mercenary
den100cr_white_falc_3           White Falcon Mercenary
den100im_paedan_order           Paedan's Orders
den100ip_backroom               Door
den100ip_back_room              Door
den100ip_bedrooms               Door
den100ip_combat_dummy           Combat Dummy
den100ip_dragon_egg             Crystalized Egg
den100ip_exit_world             City Map
den100ip_fish_lamp              Inexplicable Lamp
den100ip_gong                   Gong
den100ip_hammer_smith           Insertion Tool
den100ip_hammer_weapon          "Magic Wand"
den100ip_herb_1                 Herb
den100ip_herb_2                 Herb
den100ip_jar_1                  Bottle
den100ip_jar_2                  Jar
den100ip_jar_3                  Jar
den100ip_ladder                 Ladder
den100ip_map                    Map
den100ip_player_bedroom         Door
den100ip_pot                    Flower Pot
den100ip_scarecrow              Scarecrow
den100ip_tongs                  Extraction Tool
den100ip_whip                   Whip
den200ar_market                 Denerim Market District
den200cr_amb_boy1               Boy
den200cr_amb_boy2               Boy
den200cr_amb_dwf_merch1         Merchant
den200cr_amb_dwf_merch2         Merchant
den200cr_amb_dwf_merch3         Merchant
den200cr_amb_dwf_merch4         Merchant
den200cr_amb_elf_boy            Elf Boy
den200cr_amb_elf_girl           Elf Girl
den200cr_amb_f10_common         Commoner
den200cr_amb_f1_mage            Mage
den200cr_amb_f2_cleric          Cleric
den200cr_amb_f3_noble           Noble
den200cr_amb_f4_noble           Noble
den200cr_amb_f5_noble           Noble
den200cr_amb_f6_common          Commoner
den200cr_amb_f7_common          Commoner
den200cr_amb_f8_common          Commoner
den200cr_amb_f9_common          Commoner
den200cr_amb_fem_1              Commoner
den200cr_amb_girl1              Girl
den200cr_amb_girl2              Girl
den200cr_amb_knight1            Knight
den200cr_amb_knight2            Knight
den200cr_amb_knight3            Knight
den200cr_amb_knight4            Knight
den200cr_amb_knight5            Knight
den200cr_amb_m10_common         Commoner
den200cr_amb_m1_mage            Mage
den200cr_amb_m2_cleric          Cleric
den200cr_amb_m3_noble           Noble
den200cr_amb_m4_noble           Noble
den200cr_amb_m5_noble           Noble
den200cr_amb_m6_common          Commoner
den200cr_amb_m7_common          Commoner
den200cr_amb_m8_common          Commoner
den200cr_amb_m9_common          Commoner
den200cr_amb_merchant5          Merchant
den200cr_amb_serv_f1            Servant
den200cr_amb_serv_f2            Servant
den200cr_amb_serv_f3            Servant
den200cr_amb_serv_f4            Servant
den200cr_amb_serv_f5            Servant
den200cr_amb_serv_m1            Servant
den200cr_amb_serv_m2            Servant
den200cr_amb_serv_m3            Servant
den200cr_amb_serv_m4            Servant
den200cr_bear_ambient           Black Bear
den200cr_casavir                Casavir
den200cr_cesar                  Cesar
den200cr_chanter_denerim        Chanter Rosamund
den200cr_child_dog              Child
den200cr_couldry                Slim Couldry
den200cr_gorim                  Gorim
den200cr_habren                 Habren
den200cr_habren_guard           Habren's Guard
den200cr_habren_servant         Habren's Servant
den200cr_ignacio                Master Ignacio
den200cr_ignacio_delivery       Messenger
den200cr_ignacio_thug           Thug
den200cr_ignacio_thug_bow       Thug
den200cr_isabela                Isabela
den200cr_kylon                  Sergeant Kylon
den200cr_kylon_guard            City Guard
den200cr_kylon_guard_2          City Guard
den200cr_pick1_maid             Lady's Maid
den200cr_pick3_silversmith      Master Tilver
den200cr_pick3_silver_grd_2     Restless Guard
den200cr_pick3_silver_guard     Alert Guard
den200cr_ruffian_1              Ruffian
den200cr_ruffian_2              Ruffian
den200cr_ruffian_3              Ruffian
den200cr_ser_landry             Ser Landry
den200cr_ser_landry_2nd         Ser Landry's Second
den200cr_ser_landry_2nd_bow     Ser Landry's Second
den200cr_ser_landry_2nd_dw      Ser Landry's Second
den200im_assassin_letter        Anonymous Letter
den200im_contract_gainley       Contract for Ambassador Gainley
den200im_contract_kadanfe       Contract for Kadan-Fe Mercenaries
den200im_contract_paedan        Contract for Paedan
den200im_contract_ransom        Contract for Captain Chase
den200im_ignacio_dagger         Ignacio's Dagger
den200im_pick1_gem_purse        Pouch of Gems
den200im_pick2_sword_orn        Ser Nancine's Ornamental Sword
den200im_pick3_silver_key       Silversmith's Key
den200im_pick4_loghain_crwn     Teyrn Loghain's Crown
den200ip_alienage_exit          Elven Alienage
den200ip_chanter_board          Chanter's Board
den200ip_lt_jenny_door          Mysterious Door
den200ip_northwest_exit         City Map
den200ip_nw_gate                Portcullis
den200ip_paedan_poster          Grey Warden Poster
den200ip_pick3_silversmith      Chest
den200ip_pick3_silversmith2     Chest
den200ip_portcullis             Portcullis
den200ip_portcullis_open        Portcullis
den200ip_southeast_exit         City Map
den200ip_to_arl_exterior        Arl of Denerim's Estate
den200ip_to_eamon_exterior      Arl Eamon's Estate
den200ip_to_eamon_left          Servants' Quarters
den200ip_to_eamon_right         Kitchen
den200ip_to_genitivis_home      Genitivi's Home
den200ip_to_goldanas_house      Goldanna's House
den200ip_to_leliana_plot        Assassin's Contact for Leliana
den200ip_to_noble_exterior      Noble's Estate
den200ip_to_noble_tavern        Gnawed Noble Tavern
den200ip_to_smithy              Wade's Emporium
den200ip_to_wardens_cache       Warehouse
den200ip_to_wonders             Wonders of Thedas Shop
den210cr_eamon_guard_1          Guard
den211ar_arl_eamon_estate_1     Arl Eamon's Estate
den211cr_agatha                 Agatha
den211cr_denoel                 Denoel
den211cr_eamon                  Arl Eamon
den211cr_housekeeper            Maid
den211cr_nigella                Nigella
den211cr_scullion               Scullion
den211cr_ser_cauthrien          Ser Cauthrien
den211cr_undercook              Undercook
den211ip_alistairs_stuff        Chest
den211ip_codex_hst_fer_2        Book
den211ip_to_exterior_left       Estate Exterior
den211ip_to_exterior_main       Estate Exterior
den211ip_to_exterior_right      Estate Exterior
den211ip_to_second_floor        Second Floor
den211ip_to_second_floor_r      Second Floor
den212cr_erlina                 Erlina
den212cr_maid_1                 Maid
den212cr_maid_2                 Maid
den212cr_servant                Servant
den220ar_noble_tavern           Gnawed Noble Tavern
den220cr_alfstanna              Bann Alfstanna
den220cr_bartender              Bartender
den220cr_bryland                Bryland
den220cr_ceorlic                Ceorlic
den220cr_crimsons_oars_lead     Crimson Oars Leader
den220cr_crimson_oars_flunk     Crimson Oars Mercenary
den220cr_crim_oar_flunk_bow     Crimson Oars Mercenary
den220cr_crim_oar_flunk_dag     Crimson Oars Mercenary
den220cr_edwina                 Edwina
den220cr_pick4_seneshal         Loghain's Seneschal
den220cr_pick4_seneshal_grd     Loghain Guard Captain
den220cr_pick4_sen_grd_bow      Loghain Soldier
den220cr_pick4_sen_grd_fnky     Loghain Soldier
den220cr_sighard                Sighard
den220cr_sophie_guard           Sophie's Guard
den220cr_waitress_1             Waitress
den220cr_waitress_2             Waitress
den220cr_waitress_3             Waitress
den220cr_wulff                  Arl Wulff
den220ip_assassin_chest         Chest
den220ip_sophie_cabinet         Cabinet
den220ip_sophie_chest           Chest
den220ip_sophie_door            Door
den220ip_sophie_vase            Vase
den220ip_to_market              Market District
den230ar_wonders_of_thedas      Wonders of Thedas
den230cr_pick2_nancine          Ser Nancine
den230cr_proprietor             Tranquil Proprietor
den230ip_to_market              Market District
den240ar_goldanas_house         Goldanna's Home
den240cr_goldana                Goldanna
den240ip_to_market              Market District
den250ar_leliana_plot           Marjolaine's Home
den250cr_mage_a                 Traveler
den250cr_mage_b                 Traveler
den250cr_marjolaine             Marjolaine
den250cr_war_a                  Guard
den250cr_war_b                  Guard
den250ip_chest_iron             Chest
den250ip_to_market              Market District
den250ip_trap_explode_a         Pressure Plate
den260ar_warden_cache           Market Warehouse
den260cr_howe_lt                Howe Thug Leader
den260cr_howe_lt_2              Howe Thug Leader
den260cr_howe_soldier           Howe Thug
den260cr_howe_sold_arch         Howe Crossbowman
den260im_silver_bar             Silver Bar
den260ip_armor                  Armoire
den260ip_armour_stand           Armor Stand
den260ip_howe_silver            Chest
den260ip_sliding_shelf          Shelf
den260ip_to_market              Market District
den260ip_weapons                Weapon Rack
den270ar_genitivis_home         Genitivi's Home
den270cr_weylon                 Weylon
den270ip_cod_bks_chantry_hi     Book
den270ip_cod_hst_dragon_cul     Book
den270ip_cod_mgc_chant_stru     Book
den270ip_to_exterior            Market District
den270ip_weylon_chest           Chest
den270ip_weylon_corpse          Corpse
den280ar_smithy                 Smithy
den280ip_to_market              Market District
den300ar_elven_alienage         Elven Alienage
den300cr_alienage_guard         City Guard
den300cr_beaten_guy             Haggard Human
den300cr_beggar_fake            "Beggar"
den300cr_beggar_generic         Beggar
den300cr_beggar_gen_2           Beggar
den300cr_beggar_gen_3           Beggar
den300cr_beggar_gen_4           Beggar
den300cr_beggar_gen_5           Beggar
den300cr_beggar_ollie           Orphan Ollie
den300cr_beggar_veteran         Starved Veteran
den300cr_crowd_elf_fem_1        Elf Woman
den300cr_crowd_elf_fem_2        Elf Woman
den300cr_crowd_elf_fem_3        Elf Woman
den300cr_crowd_elf_fem_4        Elf Woman
den300cr_crowd_elf_fem_5        Elf Woman
den300cr_crowd_elf_fem_6        Elf Woman
den300cr_crowd_elf_male_1       Elf
den300cr_crowd_elf_male_2       Elf
den300cr_crowd_elf_male_3       Elf
den300cr_crowd_elf_male_4       Elf
den300cr_crowd_elf_male_5       Elf
den300cr_elf_thug_1             Elven Thug
den300cr_elf_thug_2             Elven Thug
den300cr_elf_thug_3             Elven Thug
den300cr_elven_child            Amethyne
den300cr_otto                   Ser Otto
den300cr_otto_beggar            Deranged Beggar
den300cr_otto_feral_dog         Feral Dog
den300cr_ran_tev_cbow           Tevinter Soldier
den300cr_ran_tev_dual           Tevinter Soldier
den300cr_ran_tev_shield         Tevinter Soldier
den300cr_saritor                Healer Saritor
den300cr_shianni                Shianni
den300cr_sick_elf_fem_1         Sick Elf
den300cr_sick_elf_male_1        Sick Elf
den300cr_side_guard             Elf Guard
den300cr_tevinter_guard_1       Tevinter Guard
den300cr_tevinter_guard_2       Tevinter Guard
den300cr_veras                  Healer Veras
den300im_apartment_key          Key
den300im_beggar_amulet          Worn Amulet
den300im_hospice_key            Hospice Key
den300im_otto_journal           Ser Friden's Journal
den300ip_blood_pool             Pool of Blood
den300ip_dead_dog               Dead Dog
den300ip_exit                   City Map
den300ip_notice                 Official Notice
den300ip_otto_blood             Pool of Blood
den300ip_to_alariths_store      Alarith's Store
den300ip_to_apartments_fron     Apartments
den300ip_to_apartments_rear     Apartments
den300ip_to_blood_mage          Deserted Building
den300ip_to_compound            Warehouse
den300ip_to_hospice_front       Hospice
den300ip_to_hospice_side        Hospice
den300ip_to_orphanage           Orphanage
den300ip_to_players_house       Cyrion's House
den300ip_to_valendrians         Valendrian's House
den310ar_cityelf_pc_house       Home
den310ip_to_alienage            Elven Alienage
den320ar_alariths_store         Alarith's Store
den320cr_alarith                Alarith
den320ip_to_alienage            Elven Alienage
den330ar_valendrians_home       Valendrian's Home
den330cr_valendrian             Valendrian
den330ip_to_alienage            Elven Alienage
den340ar_hospice                Tevinter Hospice
den340cr_captive_1              Elf
den340cr_captive_2              Elf
den340cr_captive_3              Elf
den340cr_captive_4              Elf
den340cr_captive_5              Elf Woman
den340cr_captive_6              Elf Woman
den340cr_captive_7              Elf Woman
den340cr_captive_boy            Elf Boy
den340cr_captive_girl           Elf Girl
den340cr_hospice_guard_1        Guard
den340cr_hospice_guard_2        Guard
den340cr_supervisor             Supervisor
den340im_note                   Note
den340ip_note                   Note
den340ip_slave_pen              Animal Cage
den340ip_to_alienage_front      Front Door
den340ip_to_alienage_side       Side Door
den350ar_slaver_apartments      Run-Down Apartments
den350cr_alley_guard            Alley Guard
den350cr_elf_guard              Elf Guard
den350cr_scared_elf             Elf
den350im_fazzil_sextant         Free Sailor Sextant
den350ip_alley_door             Metal Door
den350ip_blocker_door           Door
den350ip_bloodstain             Blood Stain
den350ip_chair                  Chair
den350ip_cod_city_elf           Pile of Books
den350ip_fazzil_chest           Chest
den350ip_sword_chest            Chest
den350ip_table                  Table
den350ip_toy                    Toy Doll
den350ip_to_alienage_front      Elven Alienage
den350ip_to_alienage_rear       Elven Alienage
den350ip_vase                   Broken Vase
den360ar_slaver_compound        Tevinter Warehouse
den360cr_caladrius              Caladrius
den360cr_devera                 Devera
den360cr_father                 Cyrion
den360im_slaver_documents       Slaver Documents
den360ip_money                  Chest
den360ip_slave_pen              Cage
den360ip_to_alienage            Elven Alienage
den360ip_to_map                 Exit
den400ar_fort                   Fort Drakon
den400cr_augustine              Sister Augustine
den400cr_barracks_guard_1       Guard
den400cr_barracks_guard_2       Guard
den400cr_barracks_guard_3       Guard
den400cr_captain                Captain
den400cr_equipment_guy          Guard
den400cr_front_guard_1          Guard
den400cr_front_guard_2          Guard
den400cr_generic_prisoner       Prisoner
den400cr_generic_prisoner_1     Prisoner
den400cr_generic_prisoner_2     Prisoner
den400cr_jailor                 Jailor
den400cr_jailor_2               Guard
den400cr_kennel_master          Guard
den400cr_offduty_guard_1        Off-Duty Guard
den400cr_offduty_guard_2        Off-Duty Guard
den400cr_officer                Colonel
den400cr_post_guard_1           Guard
den400cr_post_guard_2           Guard
den400cr_prisoner               Prisoner
den400cr_sergeant               Sergeant Tanna
den400cr_storage_guard_1        Guard
den400cr_storage_guard_2        Guard
den400im_disguise               Guard Uniform
den400im_disguise_boots         Guard Boots
den400im_disguise_gloves        Guard Gloves
den400im_disguise_helm          Guard Helmet
den400im_key_cage               Key to Cell Doors
den400im_key_hall_front         Key to Front Hall Door
den400im_key_hall_rear          Key to Rear Hall Door
den400im_key_reception          Key to Reception Door
den400im_password_list          List of Passwords
den400im_regulation_sword       Regulation Sword
den400ip_armor_stand            Armor Stand
den400ip_ballista_big           Ballista
den400ip_ballista_mount         Ballista Mount
den400ip_cage                   Metal Door
den400ip_door_barracks          Metal Door
den400ip_door_captain           Metal Door
den400ip_door_hall_front        Metal Door
den400ip_door_hall_rear         Metal Door
den400ip_door_kennel            Metal Door
den400ip_door_reception         Metal Door
den400ip_front_door             Metal Door
den400ip_player_chest           Chest
den400ip_prisoner_cage          Metal Door
den400ip_regulation_swords      Weapon Rack
den410ar_eamon_estate_2         Arl Eamon's Estate
den500ar_arl_exterior           Arl of Denerim's Estate - Exterior
den500cr_craftsman_1            Craftsman
den500cr_craftsman_2            Craftsman
den500cr_craftsman_3            Craftsman
den500cr_craftsman_4            Craftsman
den500cr_craftsman_5            Craftsman
den500cr_craftsman_6            Craftsman
den500cr_craftsman_7            Craftsman
den500cr_craftsman_8            Craftsman
den500cr_front_guard_1          Guard
den500cr_front_guard_2          Guard
den500cr_patroller              Guard
den500cr_rear_guard_1           Guard
den500cr_rear_guard_2           Guard
den500cr_upperwatch             Guard
den500ip_bribe_stash            Forgotten Stash
den500ip_exit                   City Map
den500ip_to_arl_estate_frnt     Arl of Denerim's Estate
den500ip_to_arl_estate_rear     Arl of Denerim's Estate
den510ar_arl_estate             Arl of Denerim's Estate - Interior
den510cr_anora                  Anora
den510cr_armory_guard_1         Guard
den510cr_barracks_guard_1       Guard
den510cr_barracks_guard_2       Guard
den510cr_captain                Guard Captain
den510cr_cauthrien_guard_1      Loghain's Guard
den510cr_cauthrien_guard_2      Loghain's Guard
den510cr_cauthrien_ranged_1     Loghain's Guard
den510cr_cauthrien_ranged_2     Loghain's Guard
den510cr_cook_1                 Cook
den510cr_cook_2                 Cook
den510cr_guard_makeout          Guard
den510cr_head_cook              Head Cook
den510cr_jailor                 Jailor
den510cr_kennel_guard_1         Guard
den510cr_main_guard_1           Guard
den510cr_patroller              Guard
den510cr_post_guard_1           Guard
den510cr_post_guard_2           Guard
den510cr_post_guard_3           Guard
den510cr_riordan                Riordan
den510cr_scullion_1             Scullion
den510cr_scullion_2             Scullion
den510cr_servant                Maid
den510cr_walking1_1             Off-Duty Guard
den510cr_walking1_2             Off-Duty Guard
den510cr_walking_2_1            Off-Duty Guard
den510cr_walking_2_2            Off-Duty Guard
den510cr_walking_2_3            Off-Duty Guard
den510ip_dog_cage               Cage
den510ip_howe_chest             Chest
den510ip_large_door             Door
den510ip_library_to_torture     Door
den510ip_mid_dungeon            Door
den510ip_riordan_door           Door
den510ip_servants_wing          Door
den510ip_talk_door_anora        Metal Door
den510ip_to_arl_dungeon         Dungeon
den510ip_to_arl_dungeon_mid     Dungeon
den510ip_to_arl_exterior        Estate Exterior
den510ip_to_arl_front           Estate Exterior
den510ip_treasure_chest         Treasure Pile
den510ip_treasure_door          Metal Door
den510ip_treasure_pile          Treasure Pile
den510ip_treasure_pile_1        Treasure Pile
den510ip_treasure_pile_2        Treasure Pile
den510ip_vaughans_lockbox       Vaughan's Lockbox
den511ar_arl_dungeon            Arl of Denerim's Estate - Dungeon
den511cr_crazy_victim           Rexel
den511cr_gatekeeper             Howe Guard
den511cr_high_guard_1           Guard
den511cr_howe                   Arl Howe
den511cr_howe_guard_bow         Howe Guard
den511cr_howe_guard_shield      Howe Guard
den511cr_howe_mage_1            Mage
den511cr_howe_mage_2            Mage
den511cr_irminric               Irminric
den511cr_lower_guard_1          Jailor
den511cr_oswyn                  Oswyn
den511cr_soris                  Soris
den511cr_torturer_1             Torturer
den511cr_torturer_2             Torturer
den511cr_vaughan                Vaughan
den511im_howe_key               Arl Howe's Key
den511im_irminric_ring          Irminric's Signet Ring
den511im_low_prison_key         Key to Lower Prison
den511im_riordan_papers         Grey Warden Documents
den511im_vaughan_key            Vaughan's Key
den511ip_rack                   Torture Rack
den511ip_riordan_chest          Chest of Documents
den511ip_section_door           Cell Door
den511ip_talk_lower_prison      Cell Door
den511ip_talk_upper_prison      Cell Door
den511ip_to_arl_estate          Main Floor
den511ip_to_arl_estate_mid      Main Floor
den600ar_landsmeet_chamber      Landsmeet Chamber
den600cr_elemena                Grand Cleric Elemena
den600cr_gathered_noble_1       Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_10      Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_11      Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_12      Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_2       Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_3       Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_4       Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_5       Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_6       Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_7       Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_8       Noble
den600cr_gathered_noble_9       Noble
den600cr_loghain_boss           Loghain
den600cr_loghain_duel           Loghain
den600cr_royal_guard_1          Royal Guard
den600ip_balcony_door           Door
den600ip_chamber_doors          Metal Doors
den600ip_exit                   City Map
den600ip_throne                 Throne
den700cr_perpetua               Mother Perpetua
den700cr_templarguard1          Templar Guard
den700cr_templarguard2          Templar Guard
den700cr_theohild               Sister Theohild
den900ip_plot_lock_door_lrg     Door
den911ar_narrow_1               Back Alley
den911cr_soldier_1              Guard
den912ar_narrow_2               Back Alley
den912cr_soldier_1              Guard
den920ar_crows                  Back Alley
den920cr_crow_bow               Assassin
den920cr_crow_bow_f             Assassin
den920cr_crow_daggers           Assassin
den920cr_crow_daggers_f         Assassin
den920cr_taliesen               Taliesen
den920ip_to_landsmeet           Landsmeet Chamber
den921ar_wide_1                 Back Alley
den922ar_wide_2                 Back Alley
den922cr_lt_revenant            Revenant
den922im_rev_note               Scrap of Paper
den922ip_lever                  Lever
den922ip_lt_phylactery          Glass Phylactery
den950ar_alley_justice_1        Dark Alley
den950cr_thug                   Thug
den950cr_thug_archer            Thug
den950cr_thug_leader_1          Gang Leader
den950cr_thug_mace              Thug
den950cr_thug_minion            Thug Minion
den950cr_thug_minion_2          Thug
den950ip_door_double_inact      Metal Doors
den950ip_door_round_inact       Door
den950ip_door_small_inact       Door
den950ip_exit                   City Map
den950ip_gate_blocker           City Map
den951ar_alley_justice_2        Dirty Back Alley
den951cr_thug_leader_2          Gang Leader
den951ip_to_gaz                 Quaint Hovel
den951ip_to_gaz_talker          Quaint Hovel
den952ar_alley_justice_3        Run-Down Back Street
den952cr_ser_friden_dead        Ser Friden
den952cr_thug_leader_3          Gang Leader
den960ar_orphanage              Abandoned Orphanage
den960cr_demon                  Lesser Shade
den960cr_demon_orphanage        Demon
den960cr_demon_row_house        Demon
den960cr_demon_row_house_2      Demon
den960cr_eerie_boy              Boy
den960cr_eerie_girl_1           Girl
den960cr_eerie_girl_2           Girl
den960cr_ghost_child            Elven Boy
den960cr_immortal_ghost         Tormented Woman
den960cr_nanny                  Nanny
den960cr_rabid_wardog           Rabid Wardog
den960cr_soldier_loot           Corpse
den960cr_soldier_spirits        Rioting Spirit
den960cr_soldier_spirit_ls      Rioting Spirit
den960cr_soldier_spirit_mac     Rampaging Spirit
den960cr_whisper_boy            Boy
den960cr_whisper_girl           Girl
den960ip_beggar_chest           Chest
den960ip_creepy_toys            Toy
den960ip_door_demon             Metal Door
den960ip_ghost_child_door       Door
den960ip_locked_door            Door
den960ip_locked_door_hard       Metal Door
den960ip_locked_door_lrg        Door
den960ip_plot_locked_door       Door
den960ip_to_alienage            Elven Alienage
den960ip_vert_fire_trap         Fire Spout
den961ar_blood_mage             Deserted Building
den961cr_blood_mage_2           Blood Mage
den961cr_blood_mage_generic     Blood Mage
den961cr_blood_mage_healer      Blood Mage
den961cr_blood_mage_intro       Blood Mage
den961cr_blood_mage_last        Blood Mage Leader
den961cr_fire_archer            Mercenary Archer
den961im_boss_bedroom_key       Bedroom Key
den961im_entry_door_key         Entry Door Key
den961ip_barricade              Barricade
den961ip_boss_bedroom_door      Metal Door
den961ip_boss_chest             Chest
den961ip_entry_door             Metal Door
den961ip_secret_door            Concealed Door
den961ip_to_alienage            Elven Alienage
den961ip_trap_hallway_door      Metal Door
den962ar_falcon_attack          Back Alley
den963ar_landry_attack          Side Street
den963cr_chase                  Captain Chase
den963cr_chase_arch             Howe Soldier
den963cr_chase_thug2            Howe Soldier
den963cr_chase_thug3            Howe Soldier
den963cr_chase_thugs            Howe Soldier
den963cr_disguised_crow         Disguised Crow
den963cr_disguised_crow2        Disguised Crow
den963cr_disguised_crow3        Disguised Crow
den964ar_end_assassin           Ransom Drop Location
den965ar_qunari_assassin        Kadan-Fe Hideout
den965cr_padan_fe_merc          Kadan-Fe Mercenary
den965ip_bow_chest              Chest
den970ar_franderel_estate       South Wing of Bann Franderel's Estate
den970cr_fran_archer            House Archer
den970cr_fran_captain           Captain of the Guard
den970cr_fran_dual              House Soldier
den970cr_fran_heavy             House Soldier
den970cr_fran_mage              Rogue Mage
den970cr_fran_mage_heal         Rogue Mage
den970im_fran_captain_key       Captain Key
den970im_tears_andraste         Tears of Andraste
den970ip_captain_door           Door
den970ip_captain_door_2         Metal Door
den970ip_drink_table            Drink Table
den970ip_exit_trap_door         City Map
den970ip_secret_door            Concealed Door
den970ip_supply_cabinet         Kitchen Supplies
den970ip_tears_chest            Chest
den970ip_trap_lever             Lever
den970ip_treasure_door          Metal Door
den971ar_franderel_estate_2     South Wing of Bann Franderel's Estate
den971cr_drink_server           Servant
den971cr_fran_captain_key       Mercenary Captain
den971cr_gossip_guard_1         House Soldier
den971cr_gossip_guard_2         House Soldier
den971cr_inner_gossip_1         House Soldier
den971cr_inner_gossip_2         House Soldier
den971cr_treasure_golem         Golem
den971ip_maul_stand             Weapon Rack
den971ip_vase_chest             Chest
den971tr_golem_trap             Pressure Plate
den972ar_gaz_home               Quaint Hovel
den972ip_chest                  Chest
den972ip_to_alley               Dirty Back Alley
den973ar_fite_home              Dirty Hovel
den973ip_fite_door              Dirty Hovel
den973_fite_door2               Rundown Back Street
den974ar_rogue_k                K's Hideout
den974ip_rogue_unusable         Door
den975ar_rogue_d                D's Hideout
den976ar_rogue_random_enc       Run-Down Alley
dencr_alfstanna_archer_1        Waking Sea Archer
dencr_alfstanna_archer_2        Waking Sea Archer
dencr_ash_warrior               Ash Warrior
dencr_dragon_soldier_1          Dragon's Peak Soldier
dencr_gen_soldier_bow           Soldier
dencr_gen_soldier_cbow          Soldier
dencr_gen_soldier_daggers       Soldier
dencr_gen_soldier_shield        Soldier
dencr_redcliffe_soldier_1       Redcliffe Soldier
dencr_southern_soldier_1        Southern Bannorn Soldier
dencr_southreach_soldier_1      South Reach Soldier
denip_combat_door               Metal Door
denip_combat_door_large         Metal Door
denip_combat_door_tevinter      Metal Door
denip_prison_door               Cell Door
denip_rand_enc_exit_double      City Map
denip_rand_enc_exit_single      City Map
denip_small_unusable_door       Door
denip_talk_door                 Metal Door
denip_unusable_tev_door         Metal Door
denip_unuseable_double_door     Metal Doors
denip_unuseable_large_door      Metal Door
disciple_alpha_axe_shield       Disciple Alpha
disciple_alpha_dual_axes        Disciple Alpha
disciple_alpha_greataxe         Disciple Alpha
disciple_alpha_greatsword       Disciple Alpha
disciple_alpha_maul             Disciple Alpha
disciple_axe_shield             Disciple
disciple_emissary_bal           Disciple Emissary
disciple_emissary_def           Disciple Emissary
disciple_emissary_off           Disciple Emissary
disciple_epic_dualaxes          Disciple Skirmisher
disciple_epic_emis_def          Disciple Battle Mage
disciple_epic_emis_off          Disciple High Mage
disciple_epic_greatsword        Disciple Veteran
disciple_epic_swordshield       Disciple Defender
disciple_heretic_emissary_b     Heretic Disciple
disciple_heretic_emissary_d     Heretic Disciple
disciple_heretic_emissary_o     Heretic Disciple
disciple_heretic_greatsword     Heretic Disciple
disciple_heretic_sword          Heretic Disciple
disciple_heretic_xbow_mace      Heretic Disciple
disciple_lbow_axe               Disciple
disciple_lsword_shield          Disciple
disciple_mace_shield            Disciple
dog_ambient                     Dog
dog_mabari_1                    Mabari
dog_mabari_10                   Mabari
dog_mabari_2                    Mabari
dog_mabari_3                    Mabari
dog_mabari_4                    Mabari
dog_mabari_5                    Mabari
dog_mabari_6                    Mabari
dog_mabari_7                    Mabari
dog_mabari_8                    Mabari
dog_mabari_9                    Mabari
dragon                          Dragon
dragonling                      Dragonling
dragon_b                        Dragon
drake                           Drake
drk100ar_gates                  Denerim - City Gates
drk100cr_hmn_arlguard           Bodyguard
drk100cr_mabari                 Guard Dog
drk100ip_barricade              Barricade
drk100ip_crate_medicine         Crate of Medical Supplies
drk200ar_market                 Denerim - Market District
drk200ip_crate_alchemy          Alchemy Supplies
drk200ip_crate_flasks           Wooden Crate
drk200ip_crate_rocks            Mages' Mineral Collection
drk200ip_gates                  Gate
drk200ip_weaponcache            Weapons Cache
drk200ip_weapons                Weapons Cache
drk200ip_weapons_a              Weapons Cache
drk200_hmn_ballista_a           Ballista Guard
drk300ar_alienage               Denerim - Elven Alienage
drk300ip_barrel                 Oil Barrel
drk300ip_crate_elfroot          Wooden Crate
drk300ip_crate_firebomb         Wooden Crate
drk300ip_gate                   Gate
drk300ip_tree                   Alienage Tree
drk400ar_palace                 Denerim - Palace District
drk400ip_chest_01               Chest
drk400ip_chest_02               Chest
drk400ip_chest_03               Chest
drk400ip_gate                   Gate
drk400ip_lever                  Lever
drk400ip_portcullis_nc          Portcullis
drk500ar_fort                   Fort Drakon - Entrance
drk500ip_to_roof                Fort Drakon
drk510ar_fort_roof              Fort Drakon - Roof
drkcr_elf_valendrian            Valendrian
drkip_ballista                  Ballista
drkip_ballista_big              Ballista
drkip_ballista_sml              Ballista
drkip_barricade_gore            Barricade
drkip_barricade_spikes          Barricade
drkip_barricade_tables          Barricade
drkip_crate                     Wooden Crate
drkip_door_sml                  Door
drkip_gate_lrg                  Gate
drk_alistair                    Alistair
drk_archdemon                   Archdemon
drk_blightwolf                  Blight Wolf
drk_ceorlic                     Bann Ceorlic
drk_cullen                      Cullen
drk_default_player              Hurlock Vanguard
drk_dog                         Barkspawn
drk_dwf_ballista                Dwarven Soldier
drk_dwf_civ_wmn_a               Dwarf
drk_dwf_gorim                   Gorim
drk_dwf_legion                  Dwarven Legionnaire
drk_dwf_solder_a                Dwarven Soldier
drk_dwf_solder_b                Dwarven Soldier
drk_dwf_soldier_c               Dwarven Crossbowman
drk_elf_civ_man_a               Frightened Elf
drk_elf_civ_wmn_a               Frightened Elf
drk_elf_civ_wmn_b               Frightened Elf
drk_elf_civ_wmn_c               Frightened Elf
drk_elf_rog_lbow_a              Elven Archer
drk_elf_rog_lbow_b              Elven Archer
drk_elf_war_dggr_a              Elven Defender
drk_elf_war_dual                Elven Defender
drk_elf_war_lbow                Elven Elder
drk_elf_war_lswo_a              Elven Defender
drk_genlock_dual                Genlock
drk_genlock_ranged              Genlock Archer
drk_genlock_sapper              Genlock Sapper
drk_genlock_wpnshld             Genlock
drk_golem_steel                 Steel Golem
drk_greagoir                    Knight-Commander Greagoir
drk_grunt_knight_a              Knight
drk_grunt_soldier_a             Soldier
drk_habren                      Habren
drk_hmn_arl                     Arl Howe
drk_hmn_cauthrien               Ser Cauthrien
drk_hmn_drunk_a                 Drunk
drk_hmn_drunk_b                 Drunk
drk_hmn_drunk_c                 Drunk
drk_hmn_drunk_d                 Drunk
drk_hmn_goldana                 Goldanna
drk_hmn_herren                  Herren
drk_hmn_teagan                  Bann Teagan
drk_hmn_templar_a               Templar
drk_hmn_wade                    Master Wade
drk_hmn_war_lswo_a              City Guard
drk_hmn_war_wpnshld_a           Man-at-Arms
drk_hmn_war_xbow_a              Crossbowman
drk_hum_civ_cleric_a            Cleric
drk_hum_civ_cleric_b            Cleric
drk_hum_civ_man_a               Innocent Man
drk_hum_civ_man_b               Innocent Merchant
drk_hum_civ_man_c               Innocent Man
drk_hum_civ_wmn_a               Innocent Woman
drk_hum_civ_wmn_b               Innocent Woman
drk_hum_mag_a                   Circle Mage
drk_hurlock_2hwpn               Hurlock
drk_hurlock_dual                Hurlock
drk_hurlock_emissary            Hurlock Emissary
drk_hurlock_ranged              Hurlock Archer
drk_hurlock_wpnshld             Hurlock
drk_im_acc_amu_war              Warden's Oath
drk_im_acc_rng_drk              Spirit Band
drk_im_arm_bot_hvy_drk          Darkspawn Plate Boots
drk_im_arm_bot_mas_drk          Vanguard Plate Boots
drk_im_arm_cht_hvy_drk          Darkspawn Plate Armor
drk_im_arm_cht_mas_drk          Vanguard Plate Armor
drk_im_arm_glv_lgt_ogre         Studded Leather Gauntlets
drk_im_arm_glv_mas_drk          Vanguard Plate Gloves
drk_im_arm_glv_med_shriek       Shriek Bracers
drk_im_arm_hel_mas_drk          Vanguard Plate Helm
drk_im_arm_shd_kit_red          Redcliffe Shield
drk_im_qck_grenade_201          Fire Bomb
drk_im_qck_health_101           Lesser Health Poultice
drk_im_qck_health_201           Health Poultice
drk_im_qck_health_301           Greater Health Poultice
drk_im_wep_lsw_war              Warden's Longsword
drk_im_wep_mag_sta_drk          Darkspawn Staff
drk_im_wep_mag_sta_gen          Malign Staff
drk_im_wep_mel_axe_drk          Darkspawn Waraxe
drk_im_wep_mel_axe_how          Biteback Axe
drk_im_wep_mel_bax_drk          Darkspawn Battleaxe
drk_im_wep_mel_dag_drk          Darkspawn Dagger
drk_im_wep_mel_gsw_drk          Darkspawn Greatsword
drk_im_wep_mel_lsw_drk_         Darkspawn Longsword
drk_im_wep_mel_lsw_saw          Saw Sword
drk_im_wep_mel_mac_drk          Darkspawn Mace
drk_im_wep_mel_mal_drk          Darkspawn Maul
drk_im_wep_rng_cbw_drk          Darkspawn Crossbow
drk_im_wep_rng_lbw_drk          Darkspawn Longbow
drk_im_wep_rng_sbw_drk          Darkspawn Shortbow
drk_kardol                      Kardol
drk_kylon                       Sergeant Kylon
drk_leliana                     Leliana
drk_mabari_a                    Mabari War Hound
drk_mabari_b                    Mabari War Hound
drk_mabari_c                    Mabari War Hound
drk_morrigan                    Morrigan
drk_mutt                        Frightened Dog
drk_oghren                      Oghren
drk_ogre                        Ogre
drk_perpetua                    Mother Perpetua
drk_perth                       Ser Perth
drk_qun_mercenary               Qunari Mercenary
drk_riordan                     Riordan
drk_sanga                       Sanga
drk_ser_landry                  Ser Landry
drk_shriek                      Shriek
drk_sten                        Sten
drk_theohild                    Sister Theohild
drk_vaughan                     Vaughan
drk_werewolf                    Werewolf
drk_wynne                       Wynne
drk_zevran                      Zevran
e3_default_player               Leander
e3_default_player2              Caitriona
elven_alienage_game_intro       Elven Alienage
epi100ar_anora                  Anora
epi100ar_coronation             Epilogue
epi100cr_alistair               Alistair
epi100cr_comhumfemale           Human Female
epi100cr_comhummale             Human Man
epi100cr_duncan                 Duncan
epi100cr_guard_1                Guard
epi200ar_greagoir               Knight-Commander Greagoir
epi200ar_players_funeral        Funeral
epi200cr_ashalle                Ashalle
epi200cr_bryland                Bryland
epi200cr_connor                 Connor
epi200cr_cullen                 Cullen
epi200cr_cyrion                 Cyrion
epi200cr_dog                    Dog
epi200cr_dulin                  Dulin
epi200cr_eamon                  Arl Eamon
epi200cr_fergus                 Fergus
epi200cr_genitivi               Brother Genitivi
epi200cr_gorim                  Gorim
epi200cr_grand_cleric           Revered Mother
epi200cr_irving                 First Enchanter Irving
epi200cr_isolde                 Isolde
epi200cr_jowan                  Jowan
epi200cr_kalah                  Kalah
epi200cr_kardol                 Kardol
epi200cr_keeper                 Keeper Marethari
epi200cr_lady_of_forest         Lady of the Forest
epi200cr_lanaya                 Lanaya
epi200cr_leliana                Leliana
epi200cr_lily                   Lily
epi200cr_loghain                Loghain
epi200cr_mardy                  Noble Hunter
epi200cr_oghren                 Oghren
epi200cr_rica                   Rica
epi200cr_ser_cauthrien          Ser Cauthrien
epi200cr_shale                  Shale
epi200cr_shianni                Shianni
epi200cr_sighard                Sighard
epi200cr_soris                  Soris
epi200cr_sten                   Sten
epi200cr_teagan                 Teagan
epi200cr_vartag                 Vartag
epi200cr_wulff                  Arl Wulff
epi200cr_wynne                  Wynne
epi200cr_zathrian               Zathrian
epi200cr_zerlinda               Zerlinda
epi200cr_zevran                 Zevran
epi300ar_post_coronation        Post-Coronation
epi300cr_dwarf_male_a           Nobleman
epi300cr_dwarf_male_b           Nobleman
epi300cr_elf_female_b           Human Female
epi300cr_elf_male_a             Elf Male
epi300cr_elf_male_b             Elf Male
epi300cr_guard_0                Guard
epi300cr_guard_2                Guard
epi300cr_mage_female_a          Mage
epi300cr_mage_male_a            Mage
epi300cr_nobleman               Nobleman
epi300cr_nobleman_b             Nobleman
epi300cr_nobleman_c             Nobleman
epi300cr_nobleman_d             Nobleman
epi300cr_nobleman_e             Nobleman
epi300cr_noblewoman             Human Female
epi300cr_noblewoman_b           Human Female
epi300cr_noblewoman_c           Human Female
epi300cr_noblewoman_d           Human Female
epi300cr_scholar_female         Circle Mage
epi300cr_scholar_male           Circle Mage
epi300_elf_female_a             Human Female
epiip_door_dbl_exit             Door
epiip_door_fer_dbl              Door
epiip_sarcophagus               Sarcophagus
epi_noblewoman_e                Human Female
fake_hack_test_shale            Shale
game_intro_dead_trenches        The Dead Trenches
game_intro_wilds                Korcari Wilds
gem_im_gift_gar                 Remarkable Garnet
gen00fl_alistair                Alistair
gen00fl_dog                     Dog
gen00fl_leliana                 Leliana
gen00fl_loghain                 Loghain
gen00fl_morrigan                Morrigan
gen00fl_oghren                  Oghren
gen00fl_shale                   Shale
gen00fl_sten                    Sten
gen00fl_wynne                   Wynne
gen00fl_zevran                  Zevran
genip_altar_chantry             Chantry Altar
genip_altar_chantry_broken      Broken Altar
genip_altar_dead                Altar
genip_altar_ferelden            Altar
genip_altar_ferelden_broken     Broken Altar
genip_altar_tevinter            Altar
genip_altar_tevinter_broken     Broken Altar
genip_altar_urn                 Altar
genip_anvil                     Anvil
genip_anvil_void                Anvil of the Void
genip_apparatus_magical         Magical Apparatus
genip_apparatus_small           Apparatus
genip_armoire                   Armoire
genip_armor_stand               Armor Stand
genip_at_double                 Door
genip_at_large                  Door
genip_at_normal                 Door
genip_ballista                  Ballista
genip_ballista_amb              Ballista
genip_ballista_big              Ballista
genip_ballista_mount            Ballista Mount
genip_bandit_warning_pole       Bandit Warning Pole
genip_barrel_oil                Barrel
genip_barrel_stack              Barrels
genip_barrel_standard           Barrel
genip_barrel_wine               Wine Barrel
genip_barricade_corpse          Barricade
genip_barricade_fence           Barricade
genip_barricade_furniture       Barricade
genip_bedroll                   Bedroll
genip_bedroll_puzzle            Bedroll
genip_bedroll_static            Bedroll
genip_bed_arleamon              Bed
genip_bed_bunk                  Bunk Bed
genip_bed_canopy                Bed
genip_bed_simple                Bed
genip_bed_straw                 Straw Bed
genip_bed_wood_large            Bed
genip_bench_log                 Bench
genip_bench_log_flip            Bench
genip_bench_long_flip           Bench
genip_bench_marble_flip         Bench
genip_bones_pile_1              Pile of Bones
genip_bones_pile_2              Pile of Bones
genip_bones_pile_3              Pile of Bones
genip_bonfire_1                 Bonfire
genip_bonfire_2                 Bonfire
genip_bookcase                  Bookshelf
genip_book_1                    Book
genip_book_2                    Book
genip_book_3                    Book
genip_book_large                Book
genip_book_open                 Book
genip_book_pile_1               Pile of Books
genip_book_pile_2               Pile of Books
genip_book_pile_3               Pile of Books
genip_book_pile_4               Pile of Books
genip_boulder                   Boulder
genip_boulder_group             Boulder
genip_brazier_ash_wraith        Brazier
genip_brazier_tevinter          Brazier
genip_bridge                    Bridge
genip_cabinet_ornate            Cabinet
genip_cabinet_steel             Cabinet
genip_cage_animal               Cage
genip_cage_animal_floor         Cage
genip_cage_human                Cage
genip_cage_human_floor          Cage
genip_cage_qunari               Cage
genip_campfire                  Campfire
genip_campfire_static           Campfire
genip_candelabra                Candelabra
genip_candle_1                  Candle
genip_cards                     Playing Cards
genip_card_1                    Playing Card
genip_card_2                    Playing Card
genip_card_3                    Playing Card
genip_card_4                    Playing Card
genip_carpet                    Carpet
genip_cart                      Cart
genip_cask_wine                 Wine Cask
genip_cauldron_lid              Cauldron
genip_cauldron_open             Cauldron
genip_chair_ornate              Chair
genip_chair_simple              Chair
genip_chair_stone               Stone Chair
genip_chair_stone_noble         Stone Chair
genip_chantry_board             Chanter's Board
genip_chest_half_buried         Chest
genip_chest_iron                Chest
genip_chest_ornate              Chest
genip_chest_ornate_broken       Broken Chest
genip_chest_puzzle              Chest
genip_chest_wood_1              Chest
genip_cocoon                    Cocoon
genip_combat_dummy              Combat Dummy
genip_concealed_entrance        Concealed Entrance
genip_corpse_charred            Charred Corpse
genip_corpse_covered            Corpse
genip_corpse_darkspawn          Darkspawn Corpse
genip_corpse_dwarf              Dwarf Corpse
genip_corpse_flies_maggots      Corpse
genip_corpse_halla              Dead Halla
genip_corpse_hanging_female     Corpse
genip_corpse_hanging_male_1     Corpse
genip_corpse_hanging_male_2     Corpse
genip_corpse_human              Human Corpse
genip_corpse_human_hanging      Human Corpse
genip_corpse_knight             Knight Corpse
genip_corpse_pile               Corpse Pile
genip_corpse_skeleton           Skeleton
genip_corpse_soldier            Soldier Corpse
genip_corpse_war_dog            War Dog Corpse
genip_cot                       Cot
genip_couch                     Couch
genip_couch_dwarven             Couch
genip_crank_wheel               Crank
genip_crate_broken_1            Broken Crate
genip_crate_broken_2            Broken Crate
genip_crate_broken_3            Broken Crate
genip_crate_dwarven_1           Crate
genip_crate_dwarven_2           Crate
genip_crate_wd_large_stat       Wooden Crate
genip_crate_wood_large          Wooden Crate
genip_crate_wood_small          Wooden Crate
genip_crystal_dwarven_1         Crystal
genip_crystal_dwarven_2         Crystal
genip_dagger                    Dagger
genip_dead_body_ox              Ox Corpse
genip_desk_large                Desk
genip_desk_ornate               Desk
genip_desk_small_flip           Desk
genip_doorway_bricked           Brick Wall
genip_door_cave                 Cave Wall
genip_door_cellar               Trapdoor
genip_door_dwc_dbl              Door
genip_door_dwc_dbl_r            Metal Door
genip_door_dwc_lrg              Door
genip_door_dwc_lrg_r            Metal Door
genip_door_dwn_dbl              Door
genip_door_dwn_dbl_r            Door
genip_door_dwn_lrg              Door
genip_door_dwn_lrg_r            Door
genip_door_dws_lrg              Metal Door
genip_door_fade_lrg             Door
genip_door_fer_dbl              Door
genip_door_fer_dbl_r            Metal Door
genip_door_fer_lrg              Door
genip_door_fer_lrg_r            Metal Door
genip_door_fer_sml              Door
genip_door_fer_sml_r            Metal Door
genip_door_fur_round            Door
genip_door_fur_square           Door
genip_door_jail                 Metal Door
genip_door_scr_dbl              Door
genip_door_slab                 Slab Door
genip_door_tev_dbl              Door
genip_door_tev_dbl_r            Metal Door
genip_door_tev_lrg              Door
genip_door_tev_lrg_r            Metal Door
genip_dragon_egg                Dragon Egg
genip_dwarven_feast             Table
genip_earth_mound               Earth Mound
genip_elven_light               Elven Light
genip_fade_pedestal             Pedestal
genip_fence                     Fence
genip_firepit                   Firepit
genip_fish_carving_1            Fish Carving
genip_fish_carving_2            Carving
genip_flesh_pod_1               Flesh Pod
genip_flesh_pod_2               Flesh Pod
genip_flesh_pod_3               Flesh Pod
genip_floor                     Floor
genip_flowerpot_1               Flower Pot
genip_flowerpot_2               Flower Pot
genip_flowerpot_3               Flower Pot
genip_flower_andraste           Andraste's Grace
genip_flower_wild_1             Wild Flower
genip_footprints                Footprints
genip_forge                     Forge
genip_forge_darkspawn           Darkspawn Forge
genip_fur_pile                  Fur Pile
genip_gate_fence                Gate
genip_gate_large_closed         Gate
genip_gate_large_open           Gate
genip_gem_lure                  Gems
genip_goblet                    Goblet
genip_goblet_normal             Goblet
genip_golem_registry            Golem Registry
genip_gong                      Gong
genip_gravestone                Gravestone
genip_gravestone_1              Gravestone
genip_gravestone_2              Gravestone
genip_gravestone_3              Gravestone
genip_herb_04                   Deathroot
genip_herb_05                   Cragroot
genip_herb_07                   Elfroot
genip_invisible_wide            Invisible Object
genip_ironbark_tree_fallen      Fallen Ironbark Tree
genip_jar_1                     Jar
genip_jar_2                     Jar
genip_jar_3                     Jar
genip_junk_pile                 Pile of Junk
genip_keg                       Keg
genip_ladder                    Ladder
genip_lever                     Lever
genip_lt_mabari_boat            Landmark Boat
genip_lt_mabari_tent            Landmark Tent
genip_lt_mabari_tree            Landmark Tree
genip_lt_mabari_wagon           Landmark Wagon
genip_lt_mabari_woodpile        Landmark Woodpile
genip_lyrium_dish               Lyrium Dish
genip_lyrium_light              Lyrium Lamp
genip_lyrium_vein_1             Lyrium Vein
genip_lyrium_vein_2             Lyrium Vein
genip_lyrium_vein_3             Lyrium Vein
genip_map                       Map
genip_map_lake                  Map of Lake Calenhad
genip_marketstall_cloth_dw      Market Stall
genip_marketstall_divide_dw     Market Stall Divider
genip_marketstall_dw            Market Stall
genip_marketstall_front_dw      Market Stall
genip_market_stall              Market Stall
genip_mirror_fade               Mirror
genip_mirror_puzzle             Mirror
genip_mousehole                 Mouse Hole
genip_mug_pewter                Mug
genip_natural_web               Web Trap
genip_note                      Note
genip_painting_dwf_1            Painting
genip_painting_dwf_2            Painting
genip_pendulum_blade            Blade Trap
genip_phylactery                Phylactery
genip_piercing_blade            Blade Trap
genip_pile_coins                Pile of Coins
genip_pile_filth                Pile of Filth
genip_pile_rags                 Pile of Rags
genip_pillar_rune               Pillar
genip_pillar_weakened           Pillar
genip_platform                  Platform
genip_pool_water                Pool of Water
genip_pool_water_1              Pool of Water
genip_pool_water_2              Pool of Water
genip_pool_water_3              Pool of Water
genip_portcullis                Portcullis
genip_press_plate_dwf_1         Pressure Plate
genip_press_plate_dwf_2         Pressure Plate
genip_press_plate_rnd_lrg       Pressure Plate
genip_press_plate_rnd_med       Pressure Plate
genip_press_plate_rnd_sml       Pressure Plate
genip_press_plate_rnd_tny       Pressure Plate
genip_press_plate_sqr_lrg       Pressure Plate
genip_press_plate_sqr_med       Pressure Plate
genip_press_plate_sqr_sml       Pressure Plate
genip_prison_force              Prison of Force
genip_proving_crowd             Proving Crowd Object
genip_reliquary                 Reliquary
genip_roadsign                  Road Sign
genip_rock                      Fractured Stone
genip_rowboat                   Rowboat
genip_rubble                    Rubble
genip_sack_large                Sack
genip_sack_pile                 Pile of Sacks
genip_sack_small                Sack
genip_sarcophagus               Sarcophagus
genip_sarcophagus_dwarven       Sarcophagus
genip_scarecrow                 Scarecrow
genip_scarecrow_fade            Scarecrow
genip_scroll_pile               Scrolls
genip_scroll_rolled             Scroll
genip_scroll_single_1           Scroll
genip_scything_blade            Rusty Blade
genip_shackles                  Shackles
genip_shelf_empty               Shelf
genip_shelf_empty_dwarven_1     Shelf
genip_shelf_empty_dwarven_2     Shelf
genip_shelf_potions             Shelf
genip_shelf_sliding             Shelf
genip_shelves_books             Shelves
genip_shelves_kitchen           Shelves
genip_shrine_roadside           Roadside Shrine
genip_shrub                     Shrub
genip_signal_fire               Bonfire
genip_signpost_1                Signpost
genip_signpost_2                Signpost
genip_spirit_app_head           Spirit Apparatus Head
genip_statue_andraste           Statue
genip_statue_broken_1           Statue
genip_statue_broken_2           Statue
genip_statue_dog                Statue
genip_statue_elven_1            Statue
genip_statue_elven_2            Statue
genip_statue_elven_3            Statue
genip_statue_elven_4            Statue
genip_statue_head_1             Statue
genip_statue_head_2             Statue
genip_statue_head_3             Statue
genip_statue_head_4             Statue
genip_statue_head_5             Statue
genip_statue_monstrous_1        Statue
genip_statue_monstrous_2        Statue
genip_statue_monstrous_3        Statue
genip_statue_monstrous_4        Statue
genip_statue_monstrous_5        Statue
genip_statue_paragon_1          Statue
genip_statue_paragon_2          Statue
genip_statue_shield             Statue
genip_statue_tev1               Statue
genip_statue_tev2               Statue
genip_statue_tev3               Statue
genip_statue_tunnel_blocker     Statue
genip_steel_claw                Leghold Trap
genip_stool                     Stool
genip_summoning_circle          Summoning Circle
genip_table_dwarven_1           Table
genip_table_dwarven_2           Table
genip_table_dwarven_3           Table
genip_table_dwarven_4           Table
genip_table_round               Table
genip_table_small               Table
genip_table_standing_stone      Standing Stone Table
genip_table_stone_flip          Table
genip_table_tall                Table
genip_table_wood_1              Table
genip_table_wood_flipped_1      Table
genip_tent_large_dalish         Tent
genip_tent_puzzle               Tent
genip_tent_small                Tent
genip_tent_small_dalish         Tent
genip_tent_tall                 Tent
genip_throne_archback           Throne
genip_throne_dwarf              Throne
genip_throne_squareback         Throne
genip_tongs_blacksmith          Blacksmith Tongs
genip_tools_anvil_ds            Darkspawn Anvil
genip_tools_bellows_ds          Darkspawn Bellows
genip_tools_blacksmith          Blacksmith Hammer
genip_tools_hammer_ds           Darkspawn Hammer
genip_tools_poker_ds            Darkspawn Poker
genip_torture_rack              Torture Rack
genip_totem_ds                  Darkspawn Totem
genip_trap_barrel               Trapped Barrel
genip_trap_crafted_101          Small Grease Trap
genip_trap_crafted_103          Small Claw Trap
genip_trap_crafted_104          Spring Trap
genip_trap_crafted_105          Acidic Trap
genip_trap_crafted_201          Acidic Trap
genip_trap_crafted_203          Mild Choking Powder Trap
genip_trap_crafted_204          Mild Lure
genip_trap_crafted_205          Small Shrapnel Trap
genip_trap_crafted_206          Large Claw Trap
genip_trap_crafted_207          Mild Sleeping Gas Trap
genip_trap_crafted_208          Fire Trap
genip_trap_crafted_209          Freeze Trap
genip_trap_crafted_210          Shock Trap
genip_trap_crafted_301          Acidic Grease Trap
genip_trap_crafted_303          Choking Powder Trap
genip_trap_crafted_304          Interesting Lure
genip_trap_crafted_305          Large Shrapnel Trap
genip_trap_crafted_306          Sleeping Gas Trap
genip_trap_crafted_307          Soulrot Trap
genip_trap_crafted_401          Choking Powder Cloud Trap
genip_trap_crafted_402          Overpowering Lure
genip_trap_crafted_403          Sleeping Gas Cloud Trap
genip_trap_explosion            Trap Trigger
genip_trap_glyph                Glyph of Paralysis
genip_trap_grease               Barrel of Oil
genip_trap_summoning            Summoning Trap
genip_trap_template             Trap Trigger
genip_trap_trigger_1            Trap Trigger
genip_treasure_pile             Treasure Pile
genip_tree_dead                 Dead Tree
genip_tree_stump                Tree Stump
genip_tripwire                  Tripwire
genip_tripwire_wide             Tripwire
genip_tunnel_opening            Tunnel Opening
genip_urn_ash_wraith            Urn
genip_urn_sacred_ashes          Urn of Sacred Ashes
genip_valve                     Valve
genip_vanity_2                  Vanity
genip_vase                      Vase
genip_vase_china                Vase
genip_wagon                     Wagon
genip_wall_carving_archon_1     Wall Carving
genip_wall_carving_archon_2     Wall Carving
genip_wall_carving_dwf_1        Wall Carving
genip_wall_carving_dwf_2        Wall Carving
genip_wall_carving_dwf_3        Wall Carving
genip_wall_carving_dwf_4        Wall Carving
genip_wall_carving_maf_1        Wall Carving
genip_wall_carving_maf_2        Wall Carving
genip_weapon_stand_1            Weapon Stand
genip_weapon_stand_2            Weapon Stand
genip_weapon_stand_3            Weapon Stand
genip_whip                      Whip
genip_wildflower                Wildflower
genip_windmill                  Windmill
genip_winerack                  Wine Rack
genip_wood_claw                 Flimsy Leghold Trap
genlock_1                       Genlock
genlock_2                       Genlock, Alpha
genlock_3                       Genlock, Emissary
genlock_4                       Genlock
genlock_alpha_dual_axes         Genlock Alpha
genlock_alpha_sbow_daggers      Genlock Alpha
genlock_alpha_sbow_mace_sld     Genlock Alpha
genlock_alpha_sbow_mix          Genlock Alpha
genlock_axe                     Genlock
genlock_ballista                Genlock
genlock_dagger                  Genlock
genlock_emissary_bal            Genlock Emissary
genlock_emissary_def            Genlock Emissary
genlock_emissary_off            Genlock Emissary
genlock_epic_dualaxe            Genlock Shadow
genlock_epic_dualdaggers        Genlock Phantom
genlock_mace                    Genlock
genlock_sbow_dagger             Genlock
genlock_sbow_dagger_shield      Genlock
genlock_sbow_mace               Genlock
gen_im_acc_amu_am10             Shaper's Amulet
gen_im_acc_amu_am11             Aneirin's Token
gen_im_acc_amu_am12             Spirit Charm
gen_im_acc_amu_am13             Sailor's Charm
gen_im_acc_amu_am14             Spirit Ward
gen_im_acc_amu_am15             Mud Idol
gen_im_acc_amu_am16             Magister's Shield
gen_im_acc_amu_am17             Apprentice's Amulet
gen_im_acc_amu_am18             Amulet of Accord
gen_im_acc_amu_am19             Silver Cord
gen_im_acc_amu_am6              Lifedrinker
gen_im_acc_amu_am7              Faulty Amulet
gen_im_acc_amu_am8              Gateway Amulet
gen_im_acc_amu_am9              Smith's Heart
gen_im_acc_amu_ath              Athras's Pendant
gen_im_acc_amu_cir1             Charm of Flame
gen_im_acc_amu_cir2             Charm of Still Waters
gen_im_acc_amu_cld10            Hearthstone Pendant
gen_im_acc_amu_cld20            Shiver
gen_im_acc_amu_dal              Dalish Pendant
gen_im_acc_amu_ele10            Caridin's Cage
gen_im_acc_amu_hal              Halla Horn
gen_im_acc_amu_lel              Seeker’s Circle
gen_im_acc_amu_men10            Temperament
gen_im_acc_amu_men20            North Ward
gen_im_acc_amu_mor              Wildstone Clasp
gen_im_acc_amu_nck              Heirloom Necklace
gen_im_acc_amu_phs20            Deadhead Charge
gen_im_acc_amu_spl              The Spellward
gen_im_acc_amu_urn              Reflection
gen_im_acc_amu_var              Varathorn's Amulet
gen_im_acc_amu_war              Warden's Oath
gen_im_acc_amu_wil              Par Vollen Willstone
gen_im_acc_amu_wit              Heart of Witherfang
gen_im_acc_blt_and              Andruil's Blessing
gen_im_acc_blt_c1a              Ephemeralist's Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_c1b              Destructionist's Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_c1c              Creationist's Cord
gen_im_acc_blt_cir1             Earthen Cinch
gen_im_acc_blt_cir2             Buckle of the Winds
gen_im_acc_blt_d1a              Dwarven Merchant's Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_d1b              Dwarven Smith's Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_d1c              Dwarven Warrior's Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_e1a              Elfrope
gen_im_acc_blt_e1b              Dalish Leather Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_e1c              Dalish Hunter's Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_f1a              Hardy's Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_f1b              Fencer's Cinch
gen_im_acc_blt_f1c              Longbowman's Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_f2a              Sword Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_f2b              Swordsman's Girdle
gen_im_acc_blt_f2c              Ornate Leather Belt
gen_im_acc_blt_log              Borders Yet to Be
gen_im_acc_blt_ogh              One for the Ditch
gen_im_acc_blt_t1a              Belt of the Magister Lords
gen_im_acc_blt_t1b              Magister's Cinch
gen_im_acc_blt_t1c              Archivist's Sash
gen_im_acc_blt_wyn              Silver Aron
gen_im_acc_blt_zev              Mixed Metal Rounds
gen_im_acc_rng_age              Ring of Ages
gen_im_acc_rng_ali              Runic Worry Token
gen_im_acc_rng_bld              Blood Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_cir1             Focus Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_cir2             Iced Band
gen_im_acc_rng_cld10            Frostshear
gen_im_acc_rng_cld5             Hailstone
gen_im_acc_rng_ele10            Dalish Battery
gen_im_acc_rng_ele5             Twitch
gen_im_acc_rng_exp              Memory Band
gen_im_acc_rng_fir10            Ember
gen_im_acc_rng_gld              Gold Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_kep              Keeper's Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_key              Key to the City
gen_im_acc_rng_lif              Lifegiver
gen_im_acc_rng_mag              Lloyd's Magic Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_mph              Seal of Rat Red
gen_im_acc_rng_nat10            Ring of Selection
gen_im_acc_rng_nat5             Thorn
gen_im_acc_rng_r02              Silver Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_r03              Emerald Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_r04              Ring of Resistance
gen_im_acc_rng_r05              Surveyor
gen_im_acc_rng_r06              Ring of Study
gen_im_acc_rng_r07              Ring of Faith
gen_im_acc_rng_r09              Morrigan's Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_r11              Dusk Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_r12              Dawn Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_r14              Iron Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_r15              Ring of the Warrior
gen_im_acc_rng_r16              Silverleaf
gen_im_acc_rng_r18              Golden Ring
gen_im_acc_rng_spr10            Dreamsever
gen_im_acc_rng_spr5             Spiral Band
gen_im_acc_rng_wed              Wedding Ring
gen_im_arm_bot_hvy_cer          Ceremonial Armored Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_hvy_dil          Boots of Diligence
gen_im_arm_bot_hvy_drb          Wade's Superior Heavy Dragonscale Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_hvy_drw          Wade's Heavy Dragonscale Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_hvy_dwv          Dwarven Heavy Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_hvy_hch          Heavy Chainmail Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_ada          Adaia's Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_ant          Antivan Leather Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_dal          Dalish Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_dex          Silverhammer's Tackmasters
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_dey          Deygan's Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_df1          Enchanter's Footing
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_df2          Magus War Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_dod          Imperial Weavers
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_drb          Wade's Superior Drakeskin Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_drw          Wade's Drakeskin Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_dus          Duster Leather Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_ltr          Leather Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_mag          Fade Striders
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_msl          Silverhammer's Evaders
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_new          Bard's Dancing Shoes
gen_im_arm_bot_lgt_rlr          Studded Leather Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_chv          Chevalier's Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_cpl          Commander's Plate Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_drb          Wade's Superior Dragonbone Plate Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_drw          Wade's Dragonbone Plate Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_dwv          Dwarven Massive Armored Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_eff          Effort's Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_hpl          Heavy Plate Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_jug          Juggernaut Plate Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_leg          Boots of the Legion
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_log          Armor of the River Dane Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_mas_tmp          Templar Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_med_chn          Chainmail Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_med_drb          Wade's Superior Dragonskin Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_med_drw          Wade's Dragonskin Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_med_dwi          Dwarven Noble Armored Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_med_dwv          Dwarven Armored Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_med_elv          Ancient Elven Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_med_scl          Scale Boots
gen_im_arm_bot_med_spl          Splintmail Boots
gen_im_arm_cht_hvy_cer          Ceremonial Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_hvy_dil          Armor of Diligence
gen_im_arm_cht_hvy_drb          Wade's Superior Heavy Dragonscale Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_hvy_drw          Wade's Heavy Dragonscale Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_hvy_dwg          Dwarven Guard Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_hvy_dwv          Dwarven Heavy Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_hvy_evn          Evon the Great's Mail
gen_im_arm_cht_hvy_hch          Heavy Chainmail
gen_im_arm_cht_hvy_sdg          Superior Dwarven Guard Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_lgt_dal          Dalish Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_lgt_drb          Wade's Superior Drakeskin Leather Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_lgt_drw          Wade's Drakeskin Leather Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_lgt_dus          Duster Leather Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_lgt_fel          The Felon's Coat
gen_im_arm_cht_lgt_ltr          Leather Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_lgt_new          Shadow of the Empire
gen_im_arm_cht_lgt_rlr          Studded Leather Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_chv          Chevalier's Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_cpl          Commander's Plate Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_drb          Wade's Superior Dragonbone Plate Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_drw          Wade's Dragonbone Plate Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_dwv          Dwarven Massive Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_eff          Effort
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_hpl          Heavy Plate Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_jug          Juggernaut Plate Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_leg          Armor of the Legion
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_log          Armor of the River Dane
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_tem          Armor of the Divine Will
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_tmp          Templar Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_tmp_a        Templar Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_mas_tmp_b        Knight Commander's Plate
gen_im_arm_cht_med_chn          Chainmail
gen_im_arm_cht_med_drb          Wade's Superior Dragonskin Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_med_drw          Wade's Dragonskin Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_med_dwi          Dwarven Noble Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_med_dwv          Dwarven Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_med_elv          Ancient Elven Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_med_scl          Scale Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_med_sdw          Shielded Dwarven Armor
gen_im_arm_cht_med_spl          Splintmail
gen_im_arm_cht_med_var          Varathorn's Armor
gen_im_arm_glv_all              Elementalist's Grasp
gen_im_arm_glv_bsb1             Angled Strikers
gen_im_arm_glv_bsb2             Backhands
gen_im_arm_glv_bsb3             Red Jenny Seekers
gen_im_arm_glv_crt1             Coarse Cut Gauntlets
gen_im_arm_glv_crt5             Pushback Strikers
gen_im_arm_glv_hvy_cer          Ceremonial Armored Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_hvy_dil          Gloves of Diligence
gen_im_arm_glv_hvy_drb          Wade's Superior Heavy Dragonscale Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_hvy_drw          Wade's Heavy Dragonscale Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_hvy_dwv          Dwarven Heavy Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_hvy_hch          Heavy Chainmail Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_ap1          Imperial Reinforced Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_ap3          Qunari Siege Gauntlets
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_ap5          Gloves of Guile
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_cld1         Polar Gauntlets
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_cld2         Ashen Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_dal          Dalish Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_drb          Wade's Superior Drakeskin Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_drw          Wade's Drakeskin Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_dus          Duster Leather Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_ele1         Charged Mitts
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_ele2         Storm Talons
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_fir1         Pocketed Searing Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_fir2         Cinderfel Gauntlets
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_ltr          Leather Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_nat1         Lend of the Lion
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_nat2         Silk Weave Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_new          Katriel's Grasp
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_rlr          Studded Leather Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_spr1         Spirit Hands
gen_im_arm_glv_lgt_spr2         Black Hand Gauntlets
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_chv          Chevalier's Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_cpl          Commander's Plate Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_drb          Wade's Superior Dragonbone Plate Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_drw          Wade's Dragonbone Plate Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_dwv          Dwarven Massive Armored Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_eff          Effort's Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_hpl          Heavy Plate Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_jug          Juggernaut Plate Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_leg          Gloves of the Legion
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_log          Armor of the River Dane Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_mas_tem          Templar Gauntlets
gen_im_arm_glv_med_chn          Chainmail Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_med_drb          Wade's Superior Dragonskin Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_med_drw          Wade's Dragonskin Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_med_dwi          Dwarven Noble Armored Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_med_dwv          Dwarven Armored Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_med_elv          Ancient Elven Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_med_scl          Scale Gloves
gen_im_arm_glv_med_spl          Splintmail Gloves
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_com          Commander's Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_dsl          Corruption
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_dwv          Heavy Dwarven Helmet
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_exc          Executioner's Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_grf          Griffon's Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_gry          Grey Warden Helmet
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_leg          Helm of the Legion
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_prv          Proving Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_quc          Qunari Commander Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_red          Helm of the Red
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_sol          Soldier's Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_hvy_tha          Thane Helmet
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_aim          Armsman's Tensioner
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_crn          Paragon Crown
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_crt          The Long Sight
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_cun          Quicksilver Arming Cap
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_dex          Free Scout Arming Cap
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_ltr          Leather Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_men1         Qunari Thickened Cap
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_men2         Conspirator's Foil
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_own          Owen's Remasterwork
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_rlr          Studded Leather Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_sta          Longrunner's Cap
gen_im_arm_hel_lgt_std          Studded Helmet
gen_im_arm_hel_mag_app          Apprentice Cowl
gen_im_arm_hel_mag_con          Collective Arming Cowl
gen_im_arm_hel_mag_enc          Enchanter Cowl
gen_im_arm_hel_mag_fen          First Enchanter's Cowl
gen_im_arm_hel_mag_joa          Cameo Cowl
gen_im_arm_hel_mag_lib          The Libertarian's Cowl
gen_im_arm_hel_mag_men          Enchanter's Arming Cap
gen_im_arm_hel_mag_mn2          Reinforced Magus Cowl
gen_im_arm_hel_mas_com          Knight-Commander's Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_mas_dty          Duty
gen_im_arm_hel_mas_inf          Heavy Infantry Helmet
gen_im_arm_hel_mas_jug          Juggernaut Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_mas_phy          Rock-Knocker
gen_im_arm_hel_mas_sol          Soldier's Heavy Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_mas_sta          Standard Bearer's Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_mas_tmp          Templar Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_med_bar          Barbarian Helmet
gen_im_arm_hel_med_dwv          Dwarven Helmet
gen_im_arm_hel_med_elv          Ancient Elven Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_med_hel          Helmet
gen_im_arm_hel_med_new          Camenae's Barbute
gen_im_arm_hel_med_qui          Qunari Infantry Helm
gen_im_arm_hel_men              Dead Metal Bucket
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_com          Knight-Commander's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_cus          Cousland Guard Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_eam          Eamon's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_hig          Shield of Highever
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_lgd          Loghain's Guardsmen
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_log          Loghain's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_met          Metal Kite Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_new          Havard's Aegis
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_rde          Redcliffe Elite Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_red          Redcliffe Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_swf          Swiftrunner's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_tmp          Templar Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_kit_wdn          Wooden Kite Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_lrg_aed          Aeducan Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_lrg_aef          Aeducan Family Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_lrg_bra          Branka's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_lrg_chm          Champion's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_lrg_drk          Large Darkspawn Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_lrg_dwv          Dwarven Large Round Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_lrg_leg          Shield of the Legion
gen_im_arm_shd_lrg_rev          Dead Coat of Arms
gen_im_arm_shd_lrg_tev          Tevinter Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_lrg_wdn          Large Wooden Round Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_smal_gry         Warden Recruit Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_aed          Aeducan Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_car          Caridin's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_cln          Clan Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_crt          Carta Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_crw          Crow Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_dal          Dalish Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_drk          Small Darkspawn Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_gor          Gorim's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_har          Harrowmont Guard Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_how          Howe Guard Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_knf          Bloodstained Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_met          Small Metal Round Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_mth          Mythal's Blessing
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_ruk          Ruck's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_sml_wdn          Small Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_twr_att          Earthheart's Portable Bulwark
gen_im_arm_shd_twr_den          Denerim Guard Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_twr_how          Howe's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_twr_kng          King's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_twr_lcs          Greagoir's Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_twr_met          Heavy Metal Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_twr_rev          Fade Wall
gen_im_arm_shd_twr_wdn          Heavy Wooden Shield
gen_im_arm_shd_twr_wrd          Duncan's Shield
gen_im_arrow                    Arrow
gen_im_arrowds_a                Arrow
gen_im_arrow_flame              Flame Arrow
gen_im_bolt                     Bolt
gen_im_cft_hrb_101              Mabari Crunch Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_102              Lesser Health Poultice Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_104              Rock Salve Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_105              Incense of Awareness Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_201              Double-Baked Mabari Crunch Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_202              Health Poultice Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_206              Lesser Lyrium Potion Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_207              Lesser Ice Salve Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_208              Lesser Warmth Balm Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_209              Lesser Elixir of Grounding Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_210              Lesser Nature Salve Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_211              Lesser Injury Kit Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_212              Swift Salve Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_301              Greater Health Poultice Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_305              Lyrium Potion Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_310              Lesser Spirit Balm Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_311              Injury Kit Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_403              Greater Lyrium Potion Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_404              Greater Ice Salve Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_405              Greater Warmth Balm Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_406              Greater Elixir of Grounding Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_407              Greater Nature Salve Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_408              Greater Spirit Balm Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_409              Greater Injury Kit Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_410              Potent Health Poultice Recipe
gen_im_cft_hrb_411              Potent Lyrium Potion Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_101              Venom Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_102              Deathroot Extract Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_103              Acid Flask Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_104              Acidic Coating Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_201              Concentrated Venom Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_202              Crow Poison Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_203              Concentrated Deathroot Extract Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_204              Soldier's Bane Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_205              Magebane Poison Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_206              Fire Bomb Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_207              Freeze Bomb Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_208              Shock Bomb Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_209              Flaming Coating Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_210              Freezing Coating Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_211              Shock Coating Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_301              Adder's Kiss Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_302              Demonic Poison Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_303              Concentrated Crow Poison Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_304              Fleshrot Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_305              Concentrated Soldier's Bane Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_306              Concentrated Magebane Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_307              Soulrot Bomb Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_308              Soulrot Coating Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_401              Concentrated Demonic Poison Recipe
gen_im_cft_psn_402              Quiet Death Recipe
gen_im_cft_reg_charm            Glamour Charm
gen_im_cft_reg_concentrator     Concentrator Agent
gen_im_cft_reg_corrupter        Corrupter Agent
gen_im_cft_reg_deathroot        Deathroot
gen_im_cft_reg_demonicichor     Demonic Ichor
gen_im_cft_reg_distillation     Distillation Agent
gen_im_cft_reg_elfroot          Elfroot
gen_im_cft_reg_firecrystal      Fire Crystal
gen_im_cft_reg_flask            Flask
gen_im_cft_reg_frostrock        Frostrock
gen_im_cft_reg_lifestone        Lifestone
gen_im_cft_reg_lightning        Frozen Lightning
gen_im_cft_reg_lyriumdust       Lyrium Dust
gen_im_cft_reg_metalshard       Metal Shard
gen_im_cft_reg_mushroom         Deep Mushroom
gen_im_cft_reg_spiritshard      Spirit Shard
gen_im_cft_reg_traptrigger      Trap Trigger
gen_im_cft_reg_venom            Toxin Extract
gen_im_cft_trp_101              Small Grease Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_102              Small Caltrop Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_103              Small Claw Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_104              Spring Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_105              Acidic Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_201              Large Grease Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_202              Large Caltrop Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_203              Mild Choking Powder Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_204              Mild Lure Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_205              Small Shrapnel Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_206              Large Claw Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_207              Mild Sleeping Gas Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_208              Fire Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_209              Freeze Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_210              Shock Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_301              Acidic Grease Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_302              Poisoned Caltrop Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_303              Choking Powder Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_304              Interesting Lure Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_305              Large Shrapnel Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_306              Sleeping Gas Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_307              Soulrot Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_401              Choking Powder Cloud Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_402              Overpowering Lure Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_trp_403              Sleeping Gas Cloud Trap Plans
gen_im_cft_uni_dwv              Dwarven Regicide Antidote
gen_im_copper                   Bit
gen_im_cth_cha_a00              Chantry Robe
gen_im_cth_cha_a01              Chantry Robe
gen_im_cth_cha_a02              Chantry Robe
gen_im_cth_cha_a03              Chantry Robe
gen_im_cth_cha_b00              Revered Mother's Robe
gen_im_cth_cha_b01              Revered Mother's Robe
gen_im_cth_cha_b02              Revered Mother's Robe
gen_im_cth_cha_b03              Revered Mother's Robe
gen_im_cth_com_a00              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_a01              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_a02              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_a03              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_b00              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_b01              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_b02              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_b03              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_c00              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_c01              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_c02              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_c03              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_d00              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_d01              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_d02              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_d03              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_e00              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_e01              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_e02              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_e03              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_f00              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_f01              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_f02              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_f03              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_g00              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_g01              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_g02              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_g03              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_h00              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_h01              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_h02              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_h03              Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_i00              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_i01              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_i02              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_com_i03              Commoner Clothing
gen_im_cth_mag_app              Apprentice Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_arc              Archon Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_cha              Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_chs              Chasind Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_cht              Chanter Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_fen              First Enchanter Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_gcl              Grand Cleric Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_gft              Robes of the Gifted
gen_im_cth_mag_lrd              Robes of the Magister Lords
gen_im_cth_mag_mag              Mage Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_mor              Morrigan's Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_mor2             Robes of Possession
gen_im_cth_mag_mth              Revered Mother's Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_rpr              Reaper's Vestments
gen_im_cth_mag_smg              Senior Enchanter's Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_tra              Tranquil Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_tv1              Tevinter Robe
gen_im_cth_mag_tv2              Lesser Tevinter Robe
gen_im_cth_mag_tve              Tevinter Enchanter's Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_tvm              Tevinter Mage Robes
gen_im_cth_mag_wit              Robe of the Witch
gen_im_cth_nob_af0              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_af1              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_af2              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_af3              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_am0              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_am1              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_am2              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_am3              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_b00              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_b01              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_b02              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_b03              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_c00              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_c01              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_c02              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_c03              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_d00              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_d01              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_d02              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_d03              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_e00              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_e01              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_e02              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_e03              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_f00              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_f01              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_f02              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cth_nob_f03              Noble Clothing
gen_im_cweapon_spider           Spider Fang
gen_im_cweapon_spider_nat       Poisonous Spider Fang
gen_im_cweapon_tentacle         Tentacle
gen_im_duncan_robe              Duncan's Robe
gen_im_gem_ame                  Amethyst
gen_im_gem_dia                  Diamond
gen_im_gem_emr                  Emerald
gen_im_gem_flu                  Fluorspar
gen_im_gem_gar                  Garnet
gen_im_gem_grn                  Greenstone
gen_im_gem_mal                  Malachite
gen_im_gem_qrt                  Quartz
gen_im_gem_rby                  Ruby
gen_im_gem_sap                  Sapphire
gen_im_gem_top                  Topaz
gen_im_gem_var                  Varathorn's Gems
gen_im_gift_ale                 Ale
gen_im_gift_alistair_amulet     Alistair's Mother's Amulet
gen_im_gift_alistair_rose       Alistair's Rose
gen_im_gift_ame                 Remarkable Amethyst
gen_im_gift_antivan_boots       Antivan Leather Boots
gen_im_gift_armband             Armband
gen_im_gift_blkgrimoire         Black Grimoire
gen_im_gift_book                The Search for the True Prophet
gen_im_gift_book2               The Rose of Orlais
gen_im_gift_book4               Discovering Dragon's Blood: Potions, Tinctures, and Spicy Sauces
gen_im_gift_book5               The Guerrins of Ferelden: A Genealogical History
gen_im_gift_bracer              Steel Bracers
gen_im_gift_brclet              Gemmed Bracelet
gen_im_gift_brclet2             Silver Bracelet
gen_im_gift_brooch              Silver Brooch
gen_im_gift_cake                Found Cake
gen_im_gift_chantam             Chantry Amulet
gen_im_gift_dalish_gloves       Dalish Gloves
gen_im_gift_dia                 Remarkable Diamond
gen_im_gift_dogbone             Lamb Bone
gen_im_gift_dogbone2            Ox Bone
gen_im_gift_dogbone3            Beef Bone
gen_im_gift_dogbone4            Large Bone
gen_im_gift_dogbone5            Veal Bone
gen_im_gift_dppant              Dirty Pair of Pantaloons
gen_im_gift_duncan_shield       Duncan's Shield
gen_im_gift_earring             Diamond Earrings
gen_im_gift_earring2            Gold Earrings
gen_im_gift_emr                 Remarkable Emerald
gen_im_gift_fanbot              Garbolg's Backcountry Reserve
gen_im_gift_fanbot2             Chasind Sack Mead
gen_im_gift_fanbot3             Legacy White Shear
gen_im_gift_fanbot4             Sun Blonde Vint-1
gen_im_gift_fanbot5             Golden Scythe 4:90 Black
gen_im_gift_fanscrl             Fancy Scroll
gen_im_gift_flmgrimoire         Flemeth's Grimoire
gen_im_gift_flower_andraste     Andraste's Grace
gen_im_gift_grn                 Remarkable Greenstone
gen_im_gift_hdband              Headband
gen_im_gift_hlysymb             Bronze Symbol of Andraste
gen_im_gift_hlysymb2            Silver Sword of Mercy
gen_im_gift_hlysymb3            Golden Symbol of Andraste
gen_im_gift_hlysymb4            Etched Silver Symbol
gen_im_gift_hlysymb5            Steel Symbol of Andraste
gen_im_gift_locket              Locket
gen_im_gift_mal                 Remarkable Malachite
gen_im_gift_map                 Ancient Map of the Imperium
gen_im_gift_map2                Current Map of Ferelden
gen_im_gift_map3                Map of the Anderfels
gen_im_gift_map4                Botanist's Map of Thedas
gen_im_gift_map5                Map of Occupied Ferelden
gen_im_gift_mdpnt1              Portrait of a Goosegirl
gen_im_gift_mdpnt2              Painting of the Rebel Queen
gen_im_gift_mgold               Medium Gold Bar
gen_im_gift_mirror              Golden Mirror
gen_im_gift_msilver             Medium Silver Bar
gen_im_gift_ncklace             Gold Amulet
gen_im_gift_ncklace2            Golden Rope Necklace
gen_im_gift_ncklace3            Silver Chain
gen_im_gift_ncklace4            Silver Medallion
gen_im_gift_ncklace5            Golden Demon Pendant
gen_im_gift_nugg                Cute Nug
gen_im_gift_paintsky            Painted Skyball
gen_im_gift_pitcher             Alley King's Flagon
gen_im_gift_pwood               Piece of Wood
gen_im_gift_rby                 Remarkable Ruby
gen_im_gift_ring                Shiny Gold Ring
gen_im_gift_ring2               Small Silver Ring
gen_im_gift_ring3               Heavy Gold Ring
gen_im_gift_ring4               Black Gemmed Ring
gen_im_gift_ring5               Silver Demon Head Ring
gen_im_gift_runston             White Runestone
gen_im_gift_runston2            Black Runestone
gen_im_gift_sap                 Remarkable Sapphire
gen_im_gift_sgold               Small Gold Bar
gen_im_gift_shoe                Blue Satin Shoes
gen_im_gift_smlpnt1             Water-Stained Portrait
gen_im_gift_smlpnt2             Silver-Framed Still Life
gen_im_gift_ssilver             Small Silver Bar
gen_im_gift_stat                Stone Dragon Statuette
gen_im_gift_stat2               Stone Warrior Statuette
gen_im_gift_stat3               Small Carved Statuette
gen_im_gift_stat4               Onyx Demon Statuette
gen_im_gift_sword_sten          Sten's Sword
gen_im_gift_tatbook             Tattered Notebook
gen_im_gift_tiara               Tiara
gen_im_gift_top                 Remarkable Topaz
gen_im_gift_totem               Totem
gen_im_gift_trbneck             Tribal Necklace
gen_im_gift_tyarn               Tangled Ball of Yarn
gen_im_gift_wine                Wine
gen_im_manual_assassin          Manual: Assassin
gen_im_manual_bard              Manual: Bards
gen_im_manual_berserker         Manual: Berserker
gen_im_manual_ranger            Manual: Ranger
gen_im_manual_shapeshifter      Manual: Shapeshifter
gen_im_manual_spirithealer      Manual: Spirit Healer
gen_im_manual_templar           Manual: Templar
gen_im_misc_backpack            Backpack
gen_im_misc_backpack_pre        Backpack
gen_im_misc_badlck              Bad Luck Charm
gen_im_misc_demonbook           Tome of Ethereal Suggestion
gen_im_misc_dragonscale         Dragon Scale
gen_im_misc_drakescale          Drake Scale
gen_im_misc_zevearring          Zevran's Earring
gen_im_pelt_werewolf            Werewolf Pelt
gen_im_pelt_wolf                Wolf Pelt
gen_im_qck_book_attribute       Tome of the Mortal Vessel
gen_im_qck_book_attribute2      Greater Tome of the Mortal Vessel
gen_im_qck_book_formari         Formari Tome
gen_im_qck_book_skill           Tome of Skill and Sundry
gen_im_qck_book_talentm         Tome of Arcane Technique
gen_im_qck_book_talentw         Tome of Physical Technique
gen_im_qck_coating_101          Acidic Coating
gen_im_qck_coating_201          Flame Coating
gen_im_qck_coating_202          Freezing Coating
gen_im_qck_coating_203          Shock Coating
gen_im_qck_coating_301          Soulrot Coating
gen_im_qck_dogfood_101          Mabari Crunch
gen_im_qck_dogfood_201          Double-Baked Mabari Crunch
gen_im_qck_grenade_101          Acid Flask
gen_im_qck_grenade_201          Fire Bomb
gen_im_qck_grenade_202          Freeze Bomb
gen_im_qck_grenade_203          Shock Bomb
gen_im_qck_grenade_301          Soulrot Bomb
gen_im_qck_health_101           Lesser Health Poultice
gen_im_qck_health_201           Health Poultice
gen_im_qck_health_301           Greater Health Poultice
gen_im_qck_health_401           Potent Health Poultice
gen_im_qck_injury_101           Lesser Injury Kit
gen_im_qck_injury_201           Injury Kit
gen_im_qck_injury_301           Greater Injury Kit
gen_im_qck_mana_101             Lesser Lyrium Potion
gen_im_qck_mana_201             Lyrium Potion
gen_im_qck_mana_301             Greater Lyrium Potion
gen_im_qck_mana_401             Potent Lyrium Potion
gen_im_qck_misc_101             Rock Salve
gen_im_qck_misc_102             Incense of Awareness
gen_im_qck_misc_201             Swift Salve
gen_im_qck_poison_101           Venom
gen_im_qck_poison_102           Deathroot Extract
gen_im_qck_poison_201           Concentrated Venom
gen_im_qck_poison_202           Crow Poison
gen_im_qck_poison_203           Concentrated Deathroot Extract
gen_im_qck_poison_204           Soldier's Bane
gen_im_qck_poison_205           Magebane
gen_im_qck_poison_301           Adder's Kiss
gen_im_qck_poison_302           Demonic Poison
gen_im_qck_poison_303           Concentrated Crow Poison
gen_im_qck_poison_304           Fleshrot
gen_im_qck_poison_305           Concentrated Soldier's Bane
gen_im_qck_poison_306           Concentrated Magebane
gen_im_qck_poison_401           Concentrated Demonic Poison
gen_im_qck_poison_402           Quiet Death
gen_im_qck_resistance_101       Lesser Ice Salve
gen_im_qck_resistance_102       Lesser Warmth Balm
gen_im_qck_resistance_103       Lesser Elixir of Grounding
gen_im_qck_resistance_104       Lesser Nature Salve
gen_im_qck_resistance_105       Lesser Spirit Balm
gen_im_qck_resistance_301       Greater Ice Salve
gen_im_qck_resistance_302       Greater Warmth Balm
gen_im_qck_resistance_303       Greater Elixir of Grounding
gen_im_qck_resistance_304       Greater Nature Salve
gen_im_qck_resistance_305       Greater Spirit Balm
gen_im_qck_trap_101             Small Grease Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_102             Small Caltrop Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_103             Small Claw Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_104             Spring Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_105             Acidic Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_201             Large Grease Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_202             Large Caltrop Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_203             Mild Choking Powder Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_204             Mild Lure
gen_im_qck_trap_205             Small Shrapnel Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_206             Large Claw Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_207             Mild Sleeping Gas Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_208             Fire Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_209             Freeze Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_210             Shock Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_301             Acidic Grease Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_302             Poisoned Caltrop Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_303             Choking Powder Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_304             Interesting Lure
gen_im_qck_trap_305             Large Shrapnel Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_306             Sleeping Gas Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_307             Soulrot Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_401             Choking Powder Cloud Trap
gen_im_qck_trap_402             Overpowering Lure
gen_im_qck_trap_403             Sleeping Gas Cloud Trap
gen_im_qck_uni_dwv              Dwarven Regicide Antidote
gen_im_spc_dog_col_c01          Black Leather Collar
gen_im_spc_dog_col_c02          Mabari Dog Chain
gen_im_spc_dog_col_c03          Steel Spiked Collar
gen_im_spc_dog_col_c04          Mabari War Harness
gen_im_spc_dog_col_co5          Pure Bitch Braid
gen_im_spc_dog_col_co6          Blackmetal Torque
gen_im_spc_dog_col_co7          Lord's Hunting Jabot
gen_im_spc_dog_col_co8          Throwback Harness
gen_im_spc_dog_col_str          Worn Studded Braid
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p01          Warpaint of the Wolfhound
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p02          Kaddis of the Courser
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p03          Warpaint of the Vanguard
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p04          Warpaint of the West Hills
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p05          Kaddis of the Siege-Breaker
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p06          Warpaint of the Waking Sea
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p07          Kaddis of Hakkon Wintersbreath
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p08          Warpaint of the Tempest
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p09          Kaddis of the Lady of the Skies
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p10          Kaddis of the Trickster
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p11          Kaddis of the King's Hounds
gen_im_spc_dog_pnt_p12          Kaddis of the Mountain-Father
gen_im_staff_projectile         Staff Projectile
gen_im_trash_blank              Blank Vellum
gen_im_trash_private            Private Documents
gen_im_trash_rare               Manuscript Copy
gen_im_trash_trade              Trade Manifest
gen_im_treas_engsilvbwl         Engraved Silver Bowl
gen_im_treas_fancyvase          Fancy Vase
gen_im_treas_silkcarp           Silk Carpet
gen_im_treas_silvchal           Silver Chalice
gen_im_upg_cry_exp_dwe          Expert Dweomer Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_exp_flm          Expert Flame Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_exp_frs          Expert Frost Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_exp_par          Expert Paralyze Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_gdm_dwe          Grandmaster Dweomer Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_gdm_flm          Grandmaster Flame Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_gdm_frs          Grandmaster Frost Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_gdm_par          Grandmaster Paralyze Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_jny_dwe          Journeyman Dweomer Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_jny_flm          Journeyman Flame Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_jny_frs          Journeyman Frost Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_jny_par          Journeyman Paralyze Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_mas_dwe          Master Dweomer Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_mas_flm          Master Flame Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_mas_frs          Master Frost Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_mas_par          Master Paralyze Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_nov_dwe          Novice Dweomer Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_nov_flm          Novice Flame Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_nov_frs          Novice Frost Rune
gen_im_upg_cry_nov_par          Novice Paralyze Rune
gen_im_upg_run_exp_chr          Expert Lightning Rune
gen_im_upg_run_exp_cir          Expert Cold Iron Rune
gen_im_upg_run_exp_hal          Expert Hale Rune
gen_im_upg_run_exp_sil          Expert Silverite Rune
gen_im_upg_run_exp_slw          Expert Slow Rune
gen_im_upg_run_gdm_chr          Grandmaster Lightning Rune
gen_im_upg_run_gdm_cir          Grandmaster Cold Iron Rune
gen_im_upg_run_gdm_hal          Grandmaster Hale Rune
gen_im_upg_run_gdm_sil          Grandmaster Silverite Rune
gen_im_upg_run_gdm_slw          Grandmaster Slow Rune
gen_im_upg_run_jny_chr          Journeyman Lightning Rune
gen_im_upg_run_jny_cir          Journeyman Cold Iron Rune
gen_im_upg_run_jny_hal          Journeyman Hale Rune
gen_im_upg_run_jny_sil          Journeyman Silverite Rune
gen_im_upg_run_jny_slw          Journeyman Slow Rune
gen_im_upg_run_mas_chr          Master Lightning Rune
gen_im_upg_run_mas_cir          Master Cold Iron Rune
gen_im_upg_run_mas_hal          Master Hale Rune
gen_im_upg_run_mas_sil          Master Silverite Rune
gen_im_upg_run_mas_slw          Master Slow Rune
gen_im_upg_run_nov_chr          Novice Lightning Rune
gen_im_upg_run_nov_cir          Novice Cold Iron Rune
gen_im_upg_run_nov_hal          Novice Hale Rune
gen_im_upg_run_nov_sil          Novice Silverite Rune
gen_im_upg_run_nov_slw          Novice Slow Rune
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_aco          Acolyte's Staff
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_bhs          Blackened Heartwood Staff
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_drk          Darkspawn Staff
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_fi1          Torch of Embers
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_fi2          Pyromancer's Brand
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_gen          Malign Staff
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_har          Harrowmont's Staff
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_ic1          Wintersbreath
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_li1          Lightning Rod
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_li2          Heaven's Wrath
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_mag          Staff of the Ephemeral Order
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_mgc          Magic Staff
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_mgs          Magister's Staff
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_mld          Staff of the Magister Lord
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_mor          Enchanter's Staff
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_oak          Oak Branch
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_po1          Sylvan's Mercy
gen_im_wep_mag_sta_shp          Shaperate's Blessing
gen_im_wep_mal_cha              Chasind Great Maul
gen_im_wep_mal_for              Forge Master's Hammer
gen_im_wep_mal_new              Thorval's Luck
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_ash          Ash Warrior Axe
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_axe          Axe
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_dal          Dal'Thanu
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_dey          Deygan's Dal'Thanu
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_drk          Darkspawn Waraxe
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_dss          Bloodline
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_dwv          Dwarven Waraxe
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_gry          Axe of the Grey
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_how          Biteback Axe
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_new          Aodh
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_spi          Axameter
gen_im_wep_mel_axe_ves          The Veshialle
gen_im_wep_mel_bax_bar          Barbarian Axe
gen_im_wep_mel_bax_bax          Battleaxe
gen_im_wep_mel_bax_crt          Maetashear War Axe
gen_im_wep_mel_bax_dal          Dal'Thanaan
gen_im_wep_mel_bax_drk          Darkspawn Battleaxe
gen_im_wep_mel_bax_grf          Griffon's Beak
gen_im_wep_mel_bax_mgc          Faith's Edge
gen_im_wep_mel_bax_vas          Axe of the Vashoth
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_crw          Crow Dagger
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_dag          Dagger
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_dar          Dar'Misu
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_drk          Darkspawn Dagger
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_enc          Enchanted Dagger
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_fng          Fang
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_gry          Gift of the Grey
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_nob          Noble's Dagger
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_qun          Beastman's Dagger
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_ros          The Rose's Thorn
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_thh          Thorn of the Dead Gods
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_thn          Thorn of the Dead Gods
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_ths          Thorn of the Dead Gods
gen_im_wep_mel_dag_var          Varathorn's Dar'Misu
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_drk          Darkspawn Greatsword
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_gsw          Greatsword
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_jor          Balanced Greatsword
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_met          Meteor Sword
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_mg1          Magic Greatsword
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_mg2          Chasind Flatblade
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_orn          Ornamental Sword
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_qun          Qunari Sword
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_shp          Shaperate's Blessing
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_stn          Asala
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_sum          The Summer Sword
gen_im_wep_mel_gsw_yus          Yusaris
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_arw          Spellweaver
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_dar          Dar'Misaan
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_drk          Darkspawn Longsword
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_dwv          Dwarven Longsword
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_fam          Family Sword
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_fdb          Fine Dwarven Blade
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_gor          Gorim's Sword
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_hon          Topsider's Honor
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_hro          Dwyn's Sword
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_lsw          Longsword
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_mar          King Maric's Blade
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_mes          Ser Garlen's Sword
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_oth          Oathkeeper
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_rev          Keening Blade
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_rwd          The Green Blade
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_saw          Saw Sword
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_sw2          Imperial Edge
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_unl          Longsword
gen_im_wep_mel_lsw_war          Warden's Longsword
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_aed          Aeducan Mace
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_bar          Barbarian Mace
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_bra          Vanguard
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_chv          Chevalier's Mace
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_drk          Darkspawn Mace
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_dwv          Dwarven Mace
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_end          Endrin's Mace
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_gry          High Constable's Mace
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_lan          Engraved Mace
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_mac          Mace
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_mgc          Liberator's Mace
gen_im_wep_mel_mac_shp          Shaperate's Blessing
gen_im_wep_mel_mal_cha          Chasind Crusher
gen_im_wep_mel_mal_dmd          Diamond Maul
gen_im_wep_mel_mal_drk          Darkspawn Maul
gen_im_wep_mel_mal_exl          Exalted Maul
gen_im_wep_mel_mal_hvy          Heavy Maul
gen_im_wep_mel_mal_mal          Maul
gen_im_wep_mel_mal_spk          Spiked Maul
gen_im_wep_mel_mal_tri          Trian's Maul
gen_im_wep_rng_amm_and          Andraste's Arrows
gen_im_wep_rng_amm_elf          Elf-Flight Arrow
gen_im_wep_rng_amm_exp          Explosive Bolt
gen_im_wep_rng_amm_far          Fire Arrow
gen_im_wep_rng_amm_fbl          Fire Bolt
gen_im_wep_rng_amm_fil          Arrow of Filth
gen_im_wep_rng_amm_iar          Ice Arrow
gen_im_wep_rng_amm_ibl          Ice Bolt
gen_im_wep_rng_amm_knk          Knockback Bolt
gen_im_wep_rng_amm_sur          Sureshot Bolt
gen_im_wep_rng_cbw_ant          Antivan Crossbow
gen_im_wep_rng_cbw_ap1          Precision-Geared Recurve
gen_im_wep_rng_cbw_cbw          Crossbow
gen_im_wep_rng_cbw_drk          Darkspawn Crossbow
gen_im_wep_rng_cbw_dus          Nugbane
gen_im_wep_rng_cbw_dwv          Dwarven Defender
gen_im_wep_rng_cbw_imp          Imperium Crossbow
gen_im_wep_rng_cbw_slr          Sailor's Crossbow
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_ant          Antivan Longbow
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_dal          Dalish Longbow
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_drk          Darkspawn Longbow
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_eye          Mage's Eye
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_fal          Falon'Din's Reach
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_for          Spear-Thrower
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_fsn          Far Song
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_lbw          Longbow
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_maj          Marjolaine's Recurve
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_sun          Bow of the Golden Sun
gen_im_wep_rng_lbw_wlf          Wolf-Killer
gen_im_wep_rng_sbw_drk          Darkspawn Shortbow
gen_im_wep_rng_sbw_mgc          The Fox's Bow
gen_im_wep_rng_sbw_new          The Dark Moon
gen_im_wep_rng_sbw_orl          Orlesian Bow
gen_im_wep_rng_sbw_sbw          Shortbow
gen_im_wep_rng_sbw_sct          Scout's Bow
gen_im_wep_rng_sbw_stl          Whitewood Bow
gen_im_wep_rng_sbw_wld          Wilds Bow
gen_ip_bodybag                  Corpse
gen_it_corpse_gall              Corpse Gall
giant_golem_fir                 Inferno Golem
gib000ar_intro                  Deep Roads Grotto
gib000cr_adventurer_a           Dead Dwarf
gib000cr_adventurer_b           Dead Dwarf
gib000cr_adventurer_c           Dead Dwarf
gib000cr_adventurer_d           Dead Elf
gib000cr_arcane_horror          Arcane Horror
gib000cr_deepstalker            Deepstalker
gib000cr_dwarf_ghost_a          Apparition
gib000cr_dwarf_ghost_b          Apparition
gib000cr_ogre_armored_a         Armored Ogre
gib000cr_shriek_a               Shriek
gib000cr_shriek_ghost           Shriek
gib000ip_amgarrak               The Doors to Amgarrak
gib000ip_chest_a                Chest
gib000ip_corpse_a               Maimed Corpse
gib000ip_potion_stash_a         A stash of herbal items
gib000ip_sack_a                 Old Sack
gib100ar_smithy                 Amgarrak
gib100cr_darion                 Darion
gib100cr_gib_golem              The Harvester
gib100cr_gib_golem_head         The Harvester
gib100cr_gib_head_ambient       The Harvester
gib100cr_phase_dwf_rog          Phantasmal Shadow
gib100cr_phase_dwf_war          Phantasmal Warrior
gib100cr_phase_dwf_xbw          Phantasmal Crossbowman
gib100cr_phase_hmn_mag          Primal Phantasm
gib100cr_skeleton_archer        Shambling Corpse
gib100cr_skeleton_shield        Mangled Corpse
gib100cr_skeleton_twohand       Devouring Corpse
gib100im_darion_note            Darion's Notes
gib100im_research_buff          Golem Research Notes: Mechanics
gib100im_research_elec          Golem Research Notes: Lightning
gib100im_research_fire          Golem Research Notes: Fire
gib100im_research_heal          Golem Research Notes: Healing
gib100ip_bloody_pair            Bloody Footprints
gib100ip_blood_stain_1          Bloodstain
gib100ip_bones_1                Pile of Bones
gib100ip_boss_corpsepile        Pile of Mutilated Corpses
gib100ip_chest_1                Chest
gib100ip_chest_2                Chest
gib100ip_chest_3                Chest
gib100ip_chest_4                Chest
gib100ip_chest_5                Chest
gib100ip_chest_6                Chest
gib100ip_chest_7                Chest
gib100ip_chest_8                Chest
gib100ip_chest_9                Chest
gib100ip_chest_research_buf     Chest
gib100ip_chest_research_ele     Chest
gib100ip_chest_research_fir     Chest
gib100ip_chest_research_hea     Chest
gib100ip_contraption            Strange Device
gib100ip_corpse_1               Darion
gib100ip_corpse_pile_1          Pile of Corpses
gib100ip_corpse_pile_2          Dismembered Corpses
gib100ip_exit                   Exit
gib100ip_fade_switch            Switch
gib100ip_fin_switch_a           Switch
gib100ip_fin_switch_b           Switch
gib100ip_footprints_1           Bloody Footprints
gib100ip_golem_rod              Golem Control Rod
gib100ip_inactive_golem         Runic Golem
gib100ip_journal_1              Darion's Journal
gib100ip_large_door             Door
gib100ip_lever                  Switch
gib100ip_lever_c                Switch "C"
gib100ip_lever_m                Switch "M"
gib100ip_lever_red              Switch
gib100ip_lever_w                Switch "W"
gib100ip_lever_y                Switch "Y"
gib100ip_note_1                 Tattered Note
gib100ip_sign_1                 Ancient Sign
gib100ip_sign_2                 Ancient Sign
gib100ip_sign_3                 Ancient Sign
gib100ip_sign_4                 Ancient Sign
gib100ip_sign_5                 Ancient Sign
gib100ip_sign_6                 Ancient Sign
gib100ip_table                  Darion's Journal
gib100ip_table_notes            Scattered Notes
gibcr_sum_bronto                Bronto
gibip_deadtrap_a                Triggered Trap
gibip_rune_forge                Rune Anvil
gibip_text_blocker              Invisible Object
gibip_trap_explosive            Trap Trigger
gibip_trap_explosive_trip       Trap Trigger
gibip_trap_gas                  Trap Trigger
gibip_trap_glyph_para           Trap Trigger
gibip_trap_leghold              Flimsy Leghold Trap
gib_cr_arcane_horror            Twisted Sentinel
gib_cr_brogan                   Brogan
gib_cr_golem_protector          Runic Golem
gib_cr_jerrik                   Jerrik
gib_cr_narrator                 Darion's Journal
gib_cr_revenant                 Warped Watcher
gib_cr_steel_golem              Sentinel
gib_cr_steel_golem_enraged      Enraged Sentinel
gib_cr_stone_golem              Watcher
gib_cr_stone_golem_enraged      Enraged Watcher
gib_golem                       Harvester
gib_golem_head                  Harvester
gib_im_acc_amu                  The High Regard of House Dace
gib_im_acc_blt                  Sash of Forbidden Secrets
gib_im_acc_rng_mage             Brother Bedine's Mnemonic
gib_im_arm_cht_hvy_001          Dace Family Armor
gib_im_arm_hel_hvy_001          Dwarven Full Helm
gib_im_arm_shd_twr_001          The Crafthall's Wall
gib_im_carmor_gibgolem          Heavy Plate Armor
gib_im_carmor_gibgolemhead      Chainmail
gib_im_control_rod              Golem Control Rod
gib_im_tome_unlearning          Memoirs of the First Wardens
gib_im_wep_mac                  The Reaper's Cudgel
gib_im_wep_mel_lsw_001          Dumat's Spine
gib_intro_jerrik                Jerrik
gib_skeleton_boss               Harvested Corpse
gib_skeleton_critter            Harvested Corpse
gib_skeleton_lieutenant         Harvested Corpse
gib_skeleton_normal             Harvested Corpse
gib_skeleton_weak_normal        Harvested Corpse
goat                            Goat
golem_steel                     Steel Golem
golem_stone                     Stone Golem
gwb000cr_corpse_arland          Arland Corpse
gwb000cr_corpse_warden          Warden Corpse
gwb000cr_levi                   Levi Dryden
gwb000cr_skeleton_arland        Arland Skeleton
gwb000cr_skeleton_warden        Warden Skeleton
gwb000cr_skeleton_warden2       Warden Skeleton
gwb100ar_keep_first_floor       First Floor
gwb100cr_arcane_horror          Arcane Horror
gwb100cr_archivist              Archivist
gwb100cr_library_demon          Demon
gwb100cr_lt_skel_scribe         Warden Scribe
gwb100cr_lt_warden              Commander Athlar
gwb100cr_rage_demon             Rage Demon
gwb100cr_scribe                 Scribe
gwb100cr_summoner_demon         Archivist
gwb100cr_warden_dm1             Warden Dwarven Male 1
gwb100cr_warden_ef1             Warden Elven Female 1
gwb100cr_warden_em1             Warden Elven Male 1
gwb100cr_warden_hf1             Warden Human Female 1
gwb100cr_warden_hm1             Warden Human Male 1
gwb100cr_warden_hm2             Warden Human Male 1
gwb100ip_book_burnt             Archivist's Book
gwb100ip_defiance_board         Statement of Defiance
gwb100ip_def_board_talker       Statement of Defiance
gwb100ip_door_2f                Second Floor
gwb100ip_door_barracks          Barracks
gwb100ip_door_break             Break Room
gwb100ip_door_entrance          Entrance
gwb100ip_door_hall1             Door
gwb100ip_door_hall2             Door
gwb100ip_door_kitchen           Kitchen
gwb100ip_door_library           Library
gwb100ip_door_library2          Library
gwb110ar_keep_second_floor      Second Floor
gwb110cr_circle_demon           Rage Demon
gwb110cr_circle_zombie          Dead Warden
gwb110cr_cut_avernus            Avernus
gwb110cr_cut_demon              Demon
gwb110cr_cut_sophia             Sophia
gwb110cr_helper_avernus         Corpse
gwb110cr_helper_sophia          Corpse
gwb110cr_sophia                 Sophia
gwb110cr_succubus               Desire Demon
gwb110cr_warden_ef1             Warden Acolyte
gwb110ip_altar                  Altar
gwb110ip_door_1f                First Floor
gwb110ip_door_bridge            Exit
gwb110ip_door_hallway           Door
gwb110ip_door_quarters          Commander's Quarters
gwb110ip_door_shrine            Shrine
gwb110ip_gold_stash             Hidden Stash
gwb110ip_invis_portrait         Asturian's Portrait
gwb110ip_jam_jar                Raspberry Jam
gwb110ip_stash                  Asturian's Stash
gwb120ar_avernus_tower          Avernus's Tower
gwb120cr_avernus                Avernus
gwb120ip_ability_bottle         Alchemical Concoction
gwb120ip_ability_btl_talker     Statement of Defiance
gwb120ip_avernus_notes          Ability Notes
gwb120ip_codex_corpse           Corpse
gwb120ip_door_1f                First Floor
gwb120ip_door_bridge            Tower Exit
gwb120ip_door_hallway           Door
gwb120ip_door_lab_north         North Lab
gwb120ip_door_lab_south         South Lab
gwb120ip_door_research          Research
gwb120ip_door_sanctum           Avernus's Sanctum
gwb200ar_soldiers_peak          Soldier's Peak
gwb200cr_bridge_skeleton        Shambling Skeleton
gwb200cr_corpse_shambling       Shambling Corpse
gwb200cr_lt_arland              Arland's Lord
gwb200cr_lt_warden_mage         Warden Acolyte
gwb200cr_lt_warden_rogue        Warden Master Scout
gwb200cr_siege_knight           Knight
gwb200cr_siege_lord             Lord
gwb200cr_skeleton_archer        Skeleton Archer
gwb200cr_skeleton_shambling     Shambling Skeleton
gwb200cr_undead_mage            Undead Mage
gwb200ip_codex1                 Statue
gwb200ip_corpse_pile            Corpse Pile
gwb200ip_door_avernus_tower     Avernus's Tower
gwb200ip_door_keep_2f           Keep
gwb200ip_door_keep_main         Keep
gwb200ip_transition_world       World Map
gwb201ar_sp_repaired            Soldier's Peak
gwb201cr_dog                    Dog
gwb201cr_dryden_cousin1         Levi's Nephew
gwb201cr_dryden_cousin2         Levi's Nephew
gwb201cr_dryden_cousin3         Levi's Nephew
gwb201cr_mikhael                Mikhael Dryden
gwb201cr_shale_follower         Raven
gwb201ip_door_keep              Keep
gwb201ip_door_tower             Avernus's Tower
gwb201ip_party_chest            Party Storage Chest
gwb201ip_sword                  Sword
gwb201ip_world_map              World Map
gwb_im_acc_blt_sny              Shadow Belt
gwb_im_arm_bot_hvy_hch          Heavy Chainmail Boots
gwb_im_arm_bot_hvy_wdn1         Warden Heavy Boots
gwb_im_arm_bot_lgt_rlr          Studded Leather Boots
gwb_im_arm_bot_lgt_wdn          Studded Warden Boots
gwb_im_arm_bot_lgt_wdn2         Warden Scout Boots
gwb_im_arm_bot_mas_hpl          Heavy Plate Boots
gwb_im_arm_bot_mas_wcm          Warden Commander Boots
gwb_im_arm_bot_med_spl          Splintmail Boots
gwb_im_arm_bot_med_wdn1         Warden Splintmail Boots
gwb_im_arm_cht_hvy_hch          Heavy Chainmail
gwb_im_arm_cht_hvy_wdn1         Warden Heavy Armor
gwb_im_arm_cht_lgt_rlr          Studded Leather Armor
gwb_im_arm_cht_lgt_wdn1         Studded Warden Armor
gwb_im_arm_cht_lgt_wdn2         Warden Scout Armor
gwb_im_arm_cht_mas_hpl          Heavy Plate Armor
gwb_im_arm_cht_mas_wcm          Warden Commander Armor
gwb_im_arm_cht_med_spl          Splintmail
gwb_im_arm_cht_med_wdn1         Warden Splintmail
gwb_im_arm_glv_hvy_hch          Heavy Chainmail Gloves
gwb_im_arm_glv_hvy_wdn1         Warden Heavy Gloves
gwb_im_arm_glv_lgt_rlr          Studded Leather Gloves
gwb_im_arm_glv_lgt_wdn1         Studded Warden Gloves
gwb_im_arm_glv_lgt_wdn2         Warden Scout Gloves
gwb_im_arm_glv_mas_hpl          Heavy Plate Gloves
gwb_im_arm_glv_mas_wcm          Warden Commander Gloves
gwb_im_arm_glv_med_spl          Splintmail Gloves
gwb_im_arm_glv_med_wdn1         Warden Splintmail Gloves
gwb_im_arm_hel_hvy_gry          Grey Warden Helmet
gwb_im_arm_hel_lgt_std          Studded Helmet
gwb_im_arm_hel_lgt_wdn1         Studded Helmet
gwb_im_arm_hel_mag_enc          Enchanter Cowl
gwb_im_arm_hel_mas_sol          Soldier's Heavy Helm
gwb_im_arm_hel_med_hel          Helmet
gwb_im_arm_shd_kit_met          Metal Kite Shield
gwb_im_arm_shd_lrg_tev          Grey Warden Shield
gwb_im_arm_shd_smal_gry         Warden Recruit Shield
gwb_im_arm_shd_sml_wdn1         Warden Scout Shield
gwb_im_arm_shd_twr_met          Heavy Metal Shield
gwb_im_arm_shd_twr_wdn1         Warden Tower Shield
gwb_im_cth_mag_wdn1             Robes of Avernus
gwb_im_cth_mag_wdn2             Warden Apprentice Robes
gwb_im_wep_mag_sta_icy          Winter's Breath
gwb_im_wep_mel_gsw_stm          Starfang
gwb_im_wep_mel_lsw_ast          Asturian's Might
gwb_im_wep_mel_lsw_stm          Starfang
gwb_im_wep_rng_cbw_sge          Antique Warden Crossbow
gxa000cr_anders_namaya          Namaya
gxa000cr_justice_aura           Aura
gxa000cr_nathaniel_delilah      Delilah
gxa000cr_nathaniel_grounds      Groundskeeper Samuel
gxa000cr_oghren_felsi           Felsi
gxa000cr_sigrun_barton          Mischa
gxa000cr_velanna_garos          Garos
gxa000cr_velanna_marren         Marren
gxa000cr_velanna_nella          Nella
gxa000fl_anders                 Anders
gxa000fl_justice                Justice
gxa000fl_nathaniel              Nathaniel
gxa000fl_oghren                 Oghren
gxa000fl_sigrun                 Sigrun
gxa000fl_velanna                Velanna
gxa000ip_blocker_text           Path Blocked
gxa000ip_herb_great_nature      Pile of Books
gxa000ip_herb_great_stamina     Scrolls
gxa000ip_herb_potent_lyrium     Scrolls
gxa000ip_pois_elemental         Pile of Books
gxa000ip_pois_soulrot_coat      Pile of Books
gxa000ip_rune_cold_iron         Scrolls
gxa000ip_rune_flame             Scrolls
gxa000ip_rune_grandmaster       Shelves
gxa000ip_rune_hale              Pile of Books
gxa000ip_rune_paralyze          Scrolls
gxa000ip_rune_spc_elemental     Scrolls
gxa000ip_rune_tempest           Scrolls
gxa000ip_trap_dispel            Pile of Books
gxa000ip_trap_elemental         Pile of Books
gxa000ip_trap_gravity           Scrolls
gxa000ip_world_map              World Map
gxa000ip_world_map_wide         World Map
gxaip_door_coffin_1_l           Coffin
gxaip_door_coffin_1_r           Coffin
gxaip_door_coffin_2_l           Coffin
gxaip_door_coffin_2_r           Coffin
gxaip_gate_metal                Gate
gxaip_gate_metal_r              Gate
gxaip_herb_11                   Rashvine
gxaip_herb_12                   Madcap
gxaip_herb_13                   Blood Lotus
gxaip_trap_crafted_401          Dispel Trap
gxaip_trap_crafted_402          Chromatic Trap
gxaip_trap_crafted_403          Black Hole Trap
gxaip_trap_crafted_404          Misdirection Cloud Trap
gxa_im_acc_amu_001              Nature's Blessing
gxa_im_acc_amu_002              Illumination
gxa_im_acc_amu_and              Fox's Pendant
gxa_im_acc_amu_g01              Seeker's Chain
gxa_im_acc_amu_g02              Scout's Medal
gxa_im_acc_amu_jus              Kristoff's Locket
gxa_im_acc_amu_m01              Magus Ward
gxa_im_acc_amu_m02              Will of the Unyielding
gxa_im_acc_amu_m03              Talisman of Restoration
gxa_im_acc_amu_r02              Spirit Cord
gxa_im_acc_amu_w01              Blood of the Warrior
gxa_im_acc_amu_w02              Rough-Hewn Pendant
gxa_im_acc_blt_001              Girdle of Kal'Hirol
gxa_im_acc_blt_002              Gladiator's Belt
gxa_im_acc_blt_g01              Sash of Power
gxa_im_acc_blt_g02              Panacea
gxa_im_acc_blt_m01              Lucrosian's Silken Cord
gxa_im_acc_blt_m03              Battlemage's Cinch
gxa_im_acc_blt_m04              Belt of the Architect
gxa_im_acc_blt_ogh              One for the Ditch
gxa_im_acc_blt_r01              Doge's Dodger
gxa_im_acc_blt_sig              Deep Roads Girdle
gxa_im_acc_blt_w01              Enduring Faith
gxa_im_acc_blt_w02              Wasp's Sting
gxa_im_acc_rng_001              Sleeper
gxa_im_acc_rng_002              Tingler
gxa_im_acc_rng_003              Corin's Proposal
gxa_im_acc_rng_m01              Golden Cog
gxa_im_acc_rng_m02              Silver Cog
gxa_im_acc_rng_m03              Ring of Mastery
gxa_im_acc_rng_m04              Ring of Discipline
gxa_im_acc_rng_m05              Soulbound
gxa_im_acc_rng_m06              Earthbound
gxa_im_acc_rng_m07              Icicle
gxa_im_acc_rng_m08              Ash
gxa_im_acc_rng_nat              Worn Golden Ring
gxa_im_acc_rng_r01              Ring of Subtlety
gxa_im_acc_rng_r02              Ring of Severity
gxa_im_acc_rng_vel              Keeper's Charm
gxa_im_acc_rng_w01              Blessing of the Divine
gxa_im_acc_rng_w02              Mark of the Divine
gxa_im_anders_kitten            Ser Pounce-a-lot
gxa_im_arm_bot_hvy_001          Stormchaser Boots
gxa_im_arm_bot_hvy_002          Fleet Feet
gxa_im_arm_bot_lgt_001          Trickster's Boots
gxa_im_arm_bot_lgt_002          Feet of the Nimble
gxa_im_arm_bot_lgt_003          Blackblade Boots
gxa_im_arm_bot_lgt_004          Wolf Treads
gxa_im_arm_bot_lgt_m01          Lorekeeper's Boots
gxa_im_arm_bot_lgt_m02          Mage's Running Boots
gxa_im_arm_bot_lgt_m03          Firestompers
gxa_im_arm_bot_lgt_m04          Winter Boots
gxa_im_arm_bot_lgt_m05          Fadewalker
gxa_im_arm_bot_lgt_pl2          Grey Warden Leather Boots
gxa_im_arm_bot_mas_001          Greaves of Hirol's Defense
gxa_im_arm_bot_mas_002          Boots of the Sentinel
gxa_im_arm_bot_mas_pl2          Grey Warden Plate Boots
gxa_im_arm_bot_med_leg          Legionnaire Scout Boots
gxa_im_arm_cht_hvy_001          Stormchaser Mail
gxa_im_arm_cht_hvy_002          Venture
gxa_im_arm_cht_hvy_jus          Sturdy Heavy Chainmail
gxa_im_arm_cht_lgt_001          Trickster's Tunic
gxa_im_arm_cht_lgt_002          Vest of the Nimble
gxa_im_arm_cht_lgt_003          Blackblade Tunic
gxa_im_arm_cht_lgt_004          Rainswept
gxa_im_arm_cht_lgt_nat          The Bear's Embrace
gxa_im_arm_cht_lgt_pl2          Grey Warden Light Armor
gxa_im_arm_cht_lgt_pla          Orlesian Warden's Light Armor
gxa_im_arm_cht_mas_001          Breastplate of Hirol's Defense
gxa_im_arm_cht_mas_002          Armor of the Sentinel
gxa_im_arm_cht_mas_003          Clamshell Plate Armor
gxa_im_arm_cht_mas_pl2          Grey Warden Plate Armor
gxa_im_arm_cht_mas_pla          Orlesian Warden's Plate Armor
gxa_im_arm_cht_med_leg          Legionnaire Scout Armor
gxa_im_arm_glv_hvy_001          Stormchaser Gauntlets
gxa_im_arm_glv_hvy_002          Barbed Fists
gxa_im_arm_glv_hvy_jus          Sturdy Chainmail Gloves
gxa_im_arm_glv_lgt_pl2          Grey Warden Light Gloves
gxa_im_arm_glv_mas_001          Gauntlets of Hirol's Defense
gxa_im_arm_glv_mas_002          Gauntlets of the Sentinel
gxa_im_arm_glv_mas_pl2          Grey Warden Plate Gauntlets
gxa_im_arm_glv_med_leg          Legionnaire Scout Gloves
gxa_im_arm_hel_hvy_001          Stormchaser Helm
gxa_im_arm_hel_hvy_002          Helm of Dragon's Peak
gxa_im_arm_hel_lgt_001          Trickster's Cap
gxa_im_arm_hel_lgt_002          Cap of the Nimble
gxa_im_arm_hel_lgt_003          Blackblade Helm
gxa_im_arm_hel_lgt_004          Quicksilver
gxa_im_arm_hel_lgt_pl2          Grey Warden Light Helm
gxa_im_arm_hel_mag_001          Lorekeeper's Cowl
gxa_im_arm_hel_mag_002          Lucky Cap
gxa_im_arm_hel_mag_003          First Enchanter's Cowl
gxa_im_arm_hel_mag_004          Sage's Fuzzy Head-Sweater
gxa_im_arm_hel_mag_005          Toque of the Oblivious
gxa_im_arm_hel_mag_pl2          Grey Warden Cowl
gxa_im_arm_hel_mas_001          Helm of Hirol's Defense
gxa_im_arm_hel_mas_002          Helm of the Sentinel
gxa_im_arm_hel_mas_pl2          Grey Warden Plate Helm
gxa_im_arm_hel_med_leg          Legionnaire Scout Helm
gxa_im_arm_shd_kit_001          Landsmeet Shield
gxa_im_arm_shd_kit_jus          Griffon's Crest
gxa_im_arm_shd_lrg_001          Mage-Hunter
gxa_im_arm_shd_lrg_drk          Large Darkspawn Shield
gxa_im_arm_shd_lrg_pl2          Large Grey Warden Shield
gxa_im_arm_shd_sml_drk          Small Darkspawn Shield
gxa_im_arm_shd_twr_001          Partha
gxa_im_cft_hrb_101              Lesser Stamina Draught Recipe
gxa_im_cft_hrb_201              Stamina Draught Recipe
gxa_im_cft_hrb_301              Greater Stamina Draught Recipe
gxa_im_cft_hrb_401              Potent Stamina Draught Recipe
gxa_im_cft_hrb_402              Superb Health Poultice Recipe
gxa_im_cft_hrb_403              Superb Lyrium Potion Recipe
gxa_im_cft_hrb_404              Superb Stamina Draught Recipe
gxa_im_cft_hrb_405              Master Health Poultice Recipe
gxa_im_cft_hrb_406              Master Lyrium Potion Recipe
gxa_im_cft_hrb_407              Master Stamina Draught Recipe
gxa_im_cft_psn_401              Dispel Grenade Recipe
gxa_im_cft_psn_402              Dispel Poison Recipe
gxa_im_cft_psn_403              Elemental Grenade Recipe
gxa_im_cft_psn_404              Elemental Poison Recipe
gxa_im_cft_reg_blankrune        Blank Runestone
gxa_im_cft_reg_bldlotus         Blood Lotus
gxa_im_cft_reg_madcap           Madcap Bulb
gxa_im_cft_reg_rashvine         Rashvine Nettle
gxa_im_cft_reg_reduction        Etching Agent
gxa_im_cft_run_101              Journeyman Dweomer Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_102              Journeyman Flame Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_103              Journeyman Frost Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_104              Journeyman Paralyze Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_105              Journeyman Lightning Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_106              Journeyman Cold Iron Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_107              Journeyman Hale Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_108              Journeyman Silverite Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_109              Journeyman Slow Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_110              Journeyman Barrier Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_111              Journeyman Stout Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_112              Journeyman Tempest Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_113              Journeyman Immunity Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_114              Journeyman Reservoir Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_115              Diligence Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_116              Menacing Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_201              Expert Dweomer Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_202              Expert Flame Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_203              Expert Frost Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_204              Expert Paralyze Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_205              Expert Lightning Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_206              Expert Cold Iron Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_207              Expert Hale Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_208              Expert Silverite Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_209              Expert Slow Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_210              Expert Barrier Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_211              Expert Stout Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_212              Expert Tempest Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_213              Expert Immunity Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_214              Expert Reservoir Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_215              Endurance Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_216              Intensifying Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_301              Master Dweomer Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_302              Master Flame Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_303              Master Frost Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_304              Master Paralyze Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_305              Master Lightning Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_306              Master Cold Iron Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_307              Master Hale Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_308              Master Silverite Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_309              Master Slow Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_310              Master Barrier Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_311              Master Stout Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_312              Master Tempest Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_313              Master Immunity Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_314              Master Reservoir Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_315              Amplification Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_316              Elemental Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_401              Grandmaster Dweomer Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_402              Grandmaster Flame Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_403              Grandmaster Frost Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_404              Grandmaster Paralyze Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_405              Grandmaster Lightning Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_406              Grandmaster Cold Iron Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_407              Grandmaster Hale Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_408              Grandmaster Silverite Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_409              Grandmaster Slow Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_410              Grandmaster Barrier Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_411              Grandmaster Stout Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_412              Grandmaster Tempest Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_413              Grandmaster Immunity Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_414              Grandmaster Reservoir Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_415              Evasion Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_416              Momentum Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_501              Masterpiece Dweomer Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_502              Masterpiece Flame Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_503              Masterpiece Frost Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_504              Masterpiece Paralyze Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_505              Masterpiece Lightning Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_506              Masterpiece Cold Iron Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_507              Masterpiece Hale Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_508              Masterpiece Silverite Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_509              Masterpiece Slow Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_510              Masterpiece Barrier Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_511              Masterpiece Stout Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_512              Masterpiece Tempest Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_513              Masterpiece Immunity Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_514              Masterpiece Reservoir Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_601              Paragon Dweomer Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_602              Paragon Flame Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_603              Paragon Frost Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_604              Paragon Paralyze Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_605              Paragon Lightning Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_606              Paragon Cold Iron Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_607              Paragon Hale Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_608              Paragon Silverite Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_609              Paragon Slow Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_610              Paragon Barrier Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_611              Paragon Stout Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_612              Paragon Tempest Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_613              Paragon Immunity Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_run_614              Paragon Reservoir Rune Tracing
gxa_im_cft_trp_401              Dispel Trap Plans
gxa_im_cft_trp_402              Elemental Trap Plans
gxa_im_cft_trp_403              Gravity Trap Plans
gxa_im_cft_trp_404              Misdirection Cloud Trap Plans
gxa_im_cth_mag_001              Lorekeeper's Robe
gxa_im_cth_mag_002              Blood Promise
gxa_im_cth_mag_003              Vestments of Urthemiel
gxa_im_cth_mag_004              Spellminder
gxa_im_cth_mag_005              Robes of the Architect
gxa_im_cth_mag_pl2              Grey Warden Robes
gxa_im_cth_mag_pla              Robes of the Orlesian Magister
gxa_im_cth_mag_vel              Skins of the Keeper
gxa_im_gem_diamond_flawless     Flawless Diamond
gxa_im_gem_emr_flawless         Flawless Emerald
gxa_im_gem_sapphire_flawles     Flawless Sapphire
gxa_im_gift_anders_1            Knitted Scarf
gxa_im_gift_anders_2            Gold Earring
gxa_im_gift_anders_3            Engraved Silver Bracers
gxa_im_gift_anders_4            Bell Collar
gxa_im_gift_anders_5            Phylacteries: A History Written in Blood
gxa_im_gift_anders_kitten       Kitten
gxa_im_gift_grandfather_bow     Howe Bow
gxa_im_gift_justice_1           Lyrium: The Voice of the Maker
gxa_im_gift_justice_2           Kristoff's Locket
gxa_im_gift_justice_3           Verses of Dreams
gxa_im_gift_justice_4           Kristoff's Mementos
gxa_im_gift_justice_5           Elven Prayer for the Dead
gxa_im_gift_lyrium_ring         Lyrium Ring
gxa_im_gift_nathaniel_1         Delilah Howe's Letters
gxa_im_gift_nathaniel_2         Locksmith's Tools
gxa_im_gift_nathaniel_3         Bronze Sextant
gxa_im_gift_nathaniel_4         Golden Vase
gxa_im_gift_nathaniel_5         Whetstone
gxa_im_gift_oghren_1            Mackay's Epic Single Malt
gxa_im_gift_oghren_2            "Dragon Piss"
gxa_im_gift_oghren_3            Hirol's Lava Burst
gxa_im_gift_oghren_4            West Hill Brandy
gxa_im_gift_oghren_5            Aqua Magus
gxa_im_gift_oghren_pony         Toy Horse
gxa_im_gift_sigrun_1            Snow Globe
gxa_im_gift_sigrun_2            Toy Chariot
gxa_im_gift_sigrun_3            Potted Plant
gxa_im_gift_sigrun_4            The Warrior's Heart
gxa_im_gift_sigrun_5            Soap on a Rope
gxa_im_gift_sigrun_spyglass     Spyglass
gxa_im_gift_velanna_1           Discarded Journal
gxa_im_gift_velanna_2           Shiny Malachite
gxa_im_gift_velanna_3           Ornate Silver Bowl
gxa_im_gift_velanna_4           Elven Runestone
gxa_im_gift_velanna_5           Carved Greenstone
gxa_im_gift_velanna_book        Blank Journal
gxa_im_glv_lgt_001              Trickster's Gloves
gxa_im_glv_lgt_002              Fingers of the Nimble
gxa_im_glv_lgt_003              Blackblade Gloves
gxa_im_glv_lgt_004              The Slippery Ferret's Gloves
gxa_im_glv_lgt_m01              Lorekeeper's Mittens
gxa_im_glv_lgt_m02              Shock Treatment
gxa_im_glv_lgt_m03              Elementalist's Grasp
gxa_im_glv_lgt_m04              Spirit of the Woods
gxa_im_glv_lgt_m05              Oven Mitts
gxa_im_glv_lgt_nat              Ornate Leather Gloves
gxa_im_her_shd_aeducan          Heraldry: Aeducan
gxa_im_her_shd_amaranthine      Heraldry: City of Amaranthine
gxa_im_her_shd_bear_paw         Heraldry: Bear's Paw
gxa_im_her_shd_cousland         Heraldry: Cousland
gxa_im_her_shd_cross            Heraldry: Cross
gxa_im_her_shd_crows            Heraldry: Antivan Crows
gxa_im_her_shd_dragonmount      Heraldry: Dragon's Peak Bannorn
gxa_im_her_shd_grey_wardens     Heraldry: Grey Wardens
gxa_im_her_shd_legion           Heraldry: Legion of the Dead
gxa_im_her_shd_templars         Heraldry: Templars
gxa_im_justice_lyrium_ring      Lyrium Ring
gxa_im_manual_battlemage        Manual: Battlemage
gxa_im_manual_bloodmage         Manual: Blood Mage
gxa_im_manual_guardian          Manual: Guardian
gxa_im_manual_keeper            Manual: Keeper
gxa_im_manual_legionnaire       Manual: Legionnaire Scout
gxa_im_manual_reaver            Manual: Reaver
gxa_im_manual_shadow            Manual: Shadow
gxa_im_manual_spiritwarrior     Manual: Spirit Warrior
gxa_im_qck_coating_401          Dispel Coating
gxa_im_qck_coating_402          Elemental Coating
gxa_im_qck_grenade_401          Dispel Grenade
gxa_im_qck_grenade_402          Elemental Grenade
gxa_im_qck_health_402           Superb Health Poultice
gxa_im_qck_health_403           Master Health Poultice
gxa_im_qck_health_fade          Ethereal Health Poultice
gxa_im_qck_mana_402             Superb Lyrium Potion
gxa_im_qck_mana_403             Master Lyrium Potion
gxa_im_qck_mana_fade            Ethereal Lyrium Potion
gxa_im_qck_stamina_101          Lesser Stamina Draught
gxa_im_qck_stamina_201          Stamina Draught
gxa_im_qck_stamina_301          Greater Stamina Draught
gxa_im_qck_stamina_401          Potent Stamina Draught
gxa_im_qck_stamina_402          Superb Stamina Draught
gxa_im_qck_stamina_403          Master Stamina Draught
gxa_im_qck_stamina_fade         Ethereal Stamina Draught
gxa_im_qck_trap_401             Dispel Trap
gxa_im_qck_trap_402             Elemental Trap
gxa_im_qck_trap_403             Gravity Trap
gxa_im_qck_trap_404             Misdirection Cloud Trap
gxa_im_tome_unlearning          Manual of Focus
gxa_im_upg_cry_uni_crt          Intensifying Rune
gxa_im_upg_cry_uni_ele          Elemental Rune
gxa_im_upg_cry_uni_has          Momentum Rune
gxa_im_upg_cry_uni_thr          Menacing Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar1_arm          Novice Barrier Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar1_con          Novice Stout Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar1_mis          Novice Tempest Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar1_rst          Novice Immunity Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar1_spl          Novice Reservoir Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar2_arm          Journeyman Barrier Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar2_con          Journeyman Stout Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar2_mis          Journeyman Tempest Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar2_rst          Journeyman Immunity Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar2_spl          Journeyman Reservoir Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar3_arm          Expert Barrier Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar3_con          Expert Stout Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar3_mis          Expert Tempest Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar3_rst          Expert Immunity Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar3_spl          Expert Reservoir Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar4_arm          Master Barrier Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar4_con          Master Stout Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar4_mis          Master Tempest Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar4_rst          Master Immunity Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar4_spl          Master Reservoir Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar5_arm          Grandmaster Barrier Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar5_con          Grandmaster Stout Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar5_mis          Grandmaster Tempest Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar5_rst          Grandmaster Immunity Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar5_spl          Grandmaster Reservoir Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar6_arm          Masterpiece Barrier Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar6_con          Masterpiece Stout Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar6_mis          Masterpiece Tempest Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar6_rst          Masterpiece Immunity Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar6_spl          Masterpiece Reservoir Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar7_arm          Paragon Barrier Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar7_con          Paragon Stout Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar7_mis          Paragon Tempest Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar7_rst          Paragon Immunity Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_ar7_spl          Paragon Reservoir Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_uni_dis          Evasion Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_uni_ele          Amplification Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_uni_fat          Endurance Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_uni_flk          Diligence Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp6_chr          Masterpiece Lightning Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp6_cir          Masterpiece Cold Iron Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp6_dwe          Masterpiece Dweomer Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp6_flm          Masterpiece Flame Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp6_frs          Masterpiece Frost Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp6_hal          Masterpiece Hale Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp6_par          Masterpiece Paralyze Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp6_sil          Masterpiece Silverite Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp6_slw          Masterpiece Slow Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp7_chr          Paragon Lightning Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp7_cir          Paragon Cold Iron Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp7_dwe          Paragon Dweomer Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp7_flm          Paragon Flame Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp7_frs          Paragon Frost Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp7_hal          Paragon Hale Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp7_par          Paragon Paralyze Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp7_sil          Paragon Silverite Rune
gxa_im_upg_run_wp7_slw          Paragon Slow Rune
gxa_im_wep_mac_torch            Torch
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_001          Charlatan's Walking Stick
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_002          Flemeth's Broomstick
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_003          Lightning Rod
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_004          Lamppost in Winter
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_005          Call of the Inferno
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_006          Staff of the Lost
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_007          Staff of Vigor
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_008          Spellfury
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_drk          Darkspawn Staff
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_pl2          Staff of Shadows
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_pla          The Dragon's Call
gxa_im_wep_mag_sta_vel          Heart of the Forest
gxa_im_wep_mel_axe_001          Heirsplitter
gxa_im_wep_mel_axe_002          Daisycutter
gxa_im_wep_mel_axe_drk          Darkspawn Waraxe
gxa_im_wep_mel_axe_sig          Ancient Dwarven Axe
gxa_im_wep_mel_bax_001          Frenzy
gxa_im_wep_mel_bax_002          Darkspawn Ravager
gxa_im_wep_mel_bax_drk          Darkspawn Battleaxe
gxa_im_wep_mel_dag_001          Dumat's Claw
gxa_im_wep_mel_dag_002          Talon of the Skies
gxa_im_wep_mel_dag_003          Tooth of the Mountain-Father
gxa_im_wep_mel_dag_004          Voice of Velvet
gxa_im_wep_mel_dag_drk          Darkspawn Dagger
gxa_im_wep_mel_dag_pl2          Twinblade
gxa_im_wep_mel_dag_sig          Scout's Dirk
gxa_im_wep_mel_gsw_001          Ser Alvard's Sword
gxa_im_wep_mel_gsw_002          Dragonbrand
gxa_im_wep_mel_gsw_003          The Mother's Chosen
gxa_im_wep_mel_gsw_drk          Darkspawn Greatsword
gxa_im_wep_mel_gsw_pl2          Warden's Reach
gxa_im_wep_mel_lsw_001          Dumat's Spine
gxa_im_wep_mel_lsw_002          The Winter Blade
gxa_im_wep_mel_lsw_003          Kallak
gxa_im_wep_mel_lsw_drk          Darkspawn Longsword
gxa_im_wep_mel_lsw_pla          Warden's Companion
gxa_im_wep_mel_mac_001          Skullcrusher
gxa_im_wep_mel_mac_drk          Darkspawn Mace
gxa_im_wep_mel_mac_jus          The Lamented
gxa_im_wep_mel_mal_001          Demonslayer
gxa_im_wep_mel_mal_002          Valos Atredum
gxa_im_wep_mel_mal_drk          Darkspawn Maul
gxa_im_wep_rng_cbw_001          Beastmaster
gxa_im_wep_rng_cbw_002          Longshot
gxa_im_wep_rng_cbw_drk          Darkspawn Crossbow
gxa_im_wep_rng_lbw_001          Chasind Arm
gxa_im_wep_rng_lbw_002          Misery
gxa_im_wep_rng_lbw_drk          Darkspawn Longbow
gxa_im_wep_rng_lbw_nthnl        Howe Bow
gxa_im_wep_rng_lbw_pl2          Commission
gxa_im_wep_rng_sbw_001          Dragonspite
gxa_im_wep_rng_sbw_drk          Darkspawn Shortbow
halla                           Halla
high_dragon                     High Dragon
high_dragon_lit                 High Dragon
house_cat                       Cat
hurlock_1                       Hurlock
hurlock_2                       Hurlock, Alpha
hurlock_3                       Hurlock, Emissary
hurlock_alpha_axe_shield        Hurlock Alpha
hurlock_alpha_greataxe          Hurlock Alpha
hurlock_alpha_greatsword        Hurlock Alpha
hurlock_alpha_maul              Hurlock Alpha
hurlock_axe                     Hurlock
hurlock_axe_shield              Hurlock
hurlock_emissary_bal            Hurlock Emissary
hurlock_emissary_def            Hurlock Emissary
hurlock_emissary_off            Hurlock Emissary
hurlock_epic_archer             Hurlock Sniper
hurlock_epic_axeshield          Hurlock Guardian
hurlock_epic_emis_def           Hurlock Battle Mage
hurlock_epic_maul               Hurlock Berserker
hurlock_lbow_axe                Hurlock
hurlock_lsword                  Hurlock
hurlock_lsword_shield           Hurlock
hurlock_mace                    Hurlock
hurlock_mace_shield             Hurlock
incubus_a                       Incubus
int100ar_exterior               Vigil's Keep
int100cr_alistair               Alistair
int100cr_anora                  Anora
int100cr_bodyguard_01           Guard
int100cr_bodyguard_02           Guard
int100cr_civilian               Civilian
int100cr_constable              Seneschal Varel
int100cr_female_warden          Mhairi
int100cr_merchant               Terrified Merchant
int100cr_rally_soldier_1        Vigil Soldier
int100cr_rally_soldier_2        Vigil Soldier
int100cr_rally_soldier_3        Vigil Soldier
int100cr_rally_soldier_4        Vigil Soldier
int100cr_survivor               Survivor
int100cr_templar                Rylock
int100cr_triage_guard           Soldier
int100cr_withered               The Withered
int100cr_wounded_soldier_1      Wounded Soldier
int100cr_wounded_soldier_2      Wounded Soldier
int100cr_wounded_soldier_3      Wounded Soldier
int100im_triage_supplies        Medical Supplies
int100ip_ballista_mount         Ballista Mount
int100ip_ballista_top           Ballista
int100ip_placed_treasure_1      Chest
int100ip_placed_treasure_2      Chest
int100ip_placed_treasure_3      Chest
int100ip_to_interior_01         Vigil's Keep - Interior
int100ip_to_interior_02         Vigil's Keep - Interior
int100ip_to_interior_03         Vigil's Keep - Interior
int100ip_to_interior_04         Vigil's Keep - Interior
int100ip_triage_supplies        Crate
int200ar_interior               Keep Interior
int200cr_bystander_f            Survivor
int200cr_bystander_m            Survivor
int200cr_templar                Templar
int200cr_warden                 Rowland
int200ip_anders_door            Door
int200ip_barricade              Barricade
int200ip_gate_lever             Lever
int200ip_placed_treasure_1      Chest
int200ip_placed_treasure_2      Chest
int200ip_placed_treasure_3      Chest
int200ip_survivor_barricade     Barricade
int200ip_survivor_closet        Door
int200ip_to_exterior_01         Vigil's Keep
int200ip_to_exterior_02         Vigil's Keep
int200ip_to_exterior_03         Vigil's Keep
int200ip_to_exterior_04         Vigil's Keep
kcc100ar_ostagar                Ostagar
kcc100cr_cailan                 Cailan
kcc100cr_commander_b            Hurlock Strider
kcc100cr_commander_c            Hurlock Strategist
kcc100cr_commander_d            Hurlock Vanguard
kcc100cr_commander_e            Hurlock General
kcc100cr_dead_dog               Dead Mabari
kcc100cr_dead_dog1              Dead Mabari
kcc100cr_dog                    Mabari Hound
kcc100cr_drkspn_lss             Hurlock
kcc100cr_enraged_corpse         Enraged Corpse
kcc100cr_fallen_man             Bandit
kcc100cr_genlock_archer         Genlock
kcc100cr_genlock_necro          Genlock Necromancer
kcc100cr_genlock_rogue          Genlock Rogue
kcc100cr_genlock_smith          Genlock Forgemaster
kcc100cr_gen_sbow               Genlock
kcc100cr_hur_mace               Hurlock
kcc100cr_ogre_boss              Risen Ogre
kcc100cr_shambling_corpse       Shambling Corpse
kcc100cr_skeleton               Shambling Skeleton
kcc100cr_skeleton_archer        Skeleton Archer
kcc100cr_skeleton_mage          Skeleton Mage
kcc100im_cailans_docs           Secret Correspondence
kcc100im_chest_key              Key to the Royal Arms Chest
kcc100im_joining_chalice        Joining Chalice
kcc100ip_cailans_chest          Cailan's Chest
kcc100ip_chalice_contents       Joining Chalice
kcc100ip_darkspawn_forge        Darkspawn Forge
kcc100ip_door_ishal             Tower of Ishal
kcc100ip_duncans_fire           Duncan's Fire
kcc100ip_joining_ritual         The Joining
kcc100ip_key_stash              Elric's Buried Key
kcc100ip_loot1                  Wooden Crate
kcc100ip_prisoner_corpse        Charred Corpse
kcc100ip_to_tunnel              Darkspawn Tunnels
kcc100ip_to_upper_level         Darkspawn Tunnels
kcc100ip_wizards_chest          Mages' Chest
kcc100ip_world_map              World Map
kcc200ar_ishal                  Tower of Ishal
kcc200cr_caged_bereskarn        Bereskarn
kcc200cr_genlock_grunt          Genlock
kcc200cr_genlock_opener         Genlock
kcc200cr_hurlock_archer         Hurlock
kcc200cr_hurlock_grunt          Hurlock
kcc200cr_hur_sword              Hurlock
kcc200ip_barricaded_door        Barricaded Door
kcc200ip_bereskarn_cage         Cage
kcc200ip_crusher_rack           Weapon Stand
kcc200ip_tower_entrance         Ostagar
kcc200ip_to_tower2              Second Floor
kcc200ip_to_tunnels             Darkspawn Tunnels
kcc300ar_tunnel                 Darkspawn Tunnels
kcc300ip_door                   Door
kcc300ip_to_battlefield         Battlefield
kcc300ip_to_ishal               Tower of Ishal
kcc_im_arm_bot_mas_cai          Cailan's Greaves
kcc_im_arm_cht_mas_cai          Cailan's Breastplate
kcc_im_arm_glv_lgt_spd          Repeater Gloves
kcc_im_arm_glv_mas_cai          Cailan's Gauntlets
kcc_im_arm_hel_mas_cai          Cailan's Helm
kcc_im_arm_shd_kit_cai          Cailan's Shield
kcc_im_spc_dog_col_cld          Firestone Harness
kcc_im_spc_dog_pnt_sft          Swiftrunner Warpaint
kcc_im_wep_mag_sta_crp          Corrupted Magister's Staff
kcc_im_wep_mal_nug              Nug Crusher
kcc_im_wep_mel_dag_dun          Duncan's Dagger
kcc_im_wep_mel_lsw_dun          Duncan's Sword
kcc_im_wep_mel_lsw_mar          Maric's Blade
leave_hiding_shrub              Shrub
lel000cr_commander              Commander Harwen Raleigh
lel000cr_dorothea               Revered Mother Dorothea
lel000cr_lem                    Bonny Lem
lel000cr_lieutenant             Lieutenant
lel000cr_marjolaine             Marjolaine
lel000fl_replacement            Silas Corthwaite
lel000fl_sketch                 Sketch
lel000fl_tug                    Tug
lel000im_sketch_robes           Chanter Robes
lel000pc_leliana                Leliana
lel100ar_market                 Denerim Market
lel100cr_cityguard1             City Guard
lel100cr_cityguard2             City Guard
lel100cr_cityguard3             City Guard
lel100cr_city_elite             City Guard Elite
lel100cr_city_elite2            City Guard Elite
lel100cr_city_elite3            City Guard Elite
lel100cr_guard_captain          Guard Captain Eams
lel100cr_mage                   Severin Corwood
lel100cr_mage_golem             Stone Golem
lel100cr_marjolaine_amb         Marjolaine
lel100cr_night_captain          Night Captain
lel100cr_noble                  Bann Perrin
lel100cr_noble_guard1           Guard
lel100cr_noble_guard2           Guard
lel100cr_snitch                 Jovi Merice
lel100cr_snitch_dead            Dead Jovi Merice
lel100c_soldier_cut1            City Guard
lel100c_soldier_cut2            City Guard
lel100c_soldier_cut3            City Guard
lel100im_magequest              Note from the Collective
lel100im_magesymbol             Mages' Collective Signet
lel100im_noblenote              Note from the Chantry
lel100im_snitchbody             Jovi Merice's Corpse
lel100im_snitchdagger           Bastard Thorn
lel100im_stolengood1            Fenced Tevinter Antiquities
lel100im_stolengood2            Fenced Historical Costumes
lel100im_stolengood3            Fenced Fereldan Jewelry
lel100im_underwear              Suspect Underthings
lel100ip_chantryplate           Collection Plate
lel100ip_chantry_board          Chanter's Board
lel100ip_chest1                 Crate
lel100ip_chest2                 Crate
lel100ip_chest3                 Crate
lel100ip_chest4                 Crate
lel100ip_col_cache              Mages' Collective Cache
lel100ip_col_marker1            Mages' Collective Marker
lel100ip_col_marker2            Mages' Collective Marker
lel100ip_guard_captain          Guard Captain Eams
lel100ip_levelend               Signal You're Ready for Marjolaine
lel100ip_mage_bag               Mages' Collective Bag
lel100ip_marjolaine             Marjolaine
lel100ip_merchant_stash1        Renwold's Relics
lel100ip_merchant_stash2        Finery by Ser Wolly
lel100ip_merchant_stash3        Melford's Imports of Import
lel100ip_noble_unconscious      Unconscious Bann Perrin
lel100ip_well                   The Old Well
lel200ar_estate_ext             Noble's Estate
lel200cr_cut_guard_01           Guard
lel200cr_cut_guard_02           Guard
lel200cr_cut_guard_03           Guard
lel200cr_guard_01               Elite Soldier
lel200cr_guard_02               Elite Soldier
lel200cr_outsideguard           Elite Soldier
lel200im_guardbody              A Soldier's Body
lel200ip_bodydump               Freshly Tilled Soil
lel200ip_codex1                 The Arl's Estate
lel200ip_guardbody              Guard Corpse
lel200ip_window                 Climb up to the Window
lel210ar_estate_int             Noble's Estate
lel210cr_archer                 Crossbowman
lel210cr_archer_m               Crossbowman
lel210cr_deadnug                Nug
lel210cr_guard                  Soldier
lel210cr_guard_armor            Weapon Master
lel210cr_guard_door             Sergeant
lel210cr_guard_f                Soldier
lel210cr_guard_f_n              Soldier
lel210cr_guard_speaker          Elite Soldier
lel210cr_guard_unprep           Off-Duty Soldier
lel210cr_guard_unprep2          Off-Duty Soldier
lel210cr_guard_unprep3          Off-Duty Soldier
lel210cr_guard_unprep4          Off-Duty Soldier
lel210cr_mage                   Mage Mercenary
lel210cr_mage_2                 Mage Mercenary
lel210cr_mage_3                 Mage Mercenary
lel210cr_mage_4                 Mage Mercenary
lel210cr_servant_ef             Servant
lel210cr_servant_em             Servant
lel210cr_servant_f              Cook
lel210cr_unarmed_f              Noblewoman
lel210cr_unarmed_guard1         Off-Duty Soldier
lel210cr_unarmed_guard2         Off-Duty Soldier
lel210cr_unarmed_guard3         Off-Duty Soldier
lel210cr_unarmed_guard4         Off-Duty Soldier
lel210cr_unarmed_guard5         Off-Duty Soldier
lel210cr_unarmed_guard6         Off-Duty Soldier
lel210cr_unarmed_m              Nobleman
lel210cr_vaughan                Vaughan Uriens
lel210cr_vaughan_servant        Servant Girl
lel210im_key_route1             Set of Keys
lel210ip_armorstand             Armor Stand
lel210ip_chest1                 Iron Chest
lel210ip_chest2                 Footlocker
lel210ip_chest3                 Ornate Chest
lel210ip_chest4                 Footlocker
lel210ip_chest5                 Footlocker
lel210ip_chest6                 Footlocker
lel210ip_chest7                 Ornate Chest
lel210ip_chest8                 Crate
lel210ip_codex_journal1         War Journal
lel210ip_codex_journal2         Personal Journal
lel210ip_door2_nonint           Door
lel210ip_door_exit              Estate Exterior
lel210ip_door_exitfight2        Door
lel210ip_door_first             Door
lel210ip_door_guardroom         Door
lel210ip_door_library           Door
lel210ip_door_noble             Door
lel210ip_door_nonint            Door
lel210ip_door_route1            Door
lel210ip_door_second            Door
lel210ip_droppoint              Drop Point
lel210ip_egg                    Large Egg
lel210ip_sacks                  Pile of Sacks
lel210ip_weaponrack             Weapon Rack
lel220ar_estate_dun             The Dungeons
lel220cr_adaia                  Adaia
lel220cr_dead_tug               Tug
lel220cr_dead_tug_cutscene      Tug
lel220cr_gonnor                 Gonnor Tintop
lel220cr_guard                  Dungeon Guard
lel220cr_mage                   Mage
lel220cr_meagahn                Meagahn Sonner
lel220cr_prisoner_f             Prisoner
lel220cr_prisoner_m             Prisoner
lel220im_jail_key               Iron Key
lel220ip_armorstand             Armor Stand
lel220ip_chantrybag             Small Rucksack
lel220ip_chest1                 Footlocker
lel220ip_chest2                 Footlocker
lel220ip_chest3                 Footlocker
lel220ip_chest4                 Footlocker
lel220ip_door_sketch            Door
lel220ip_exit_door              Door
lel220ip_jail_door              Cell Door
lel220ip_lever3_door            Door
lel220ip_lever_gate1            Crank
lel220ip_lever_gate2            Crank
lel220ip_lever_gate3            Crank
lel220ip_revmother              Mysterious Voice
lel220ip_sacks                  Pile of Sacks
lel220ip_tugbody                Tug's Body
lel220ip_weaponrack             Weapon Rack
lel300ar_hideout                Hideout
lel300ip_codex_marj             Marjolaine's Satchel
lel300ip_codex_sketch           Sketch's Books
lel300ip_codex_tug              Tug's Satchel
lel300ip_marjdoor               Door
lel400ar_chantry                Chantry
lel400cr_hildegard              Sister Hildegard
lel400cr_silas_cutscene         Silas Corthwaite
lel400ip_chest                  Desk Drawer
lel400ip_statue                 Statue of Andraste
lel500ar_shore_1                Windswept Shore
lel500cr_archer                 Guard
lel500cr_bossmage               Mage
lel500cr_bronto                 Trained Bronto
lel500cr_dragon                 Dragon
lel500cr_dragon_neutral         Dragon
lel500cr_guard                  Guard
lel500cr_mage                   Mage
lel500cr_sand_leader            Sand Stalker Leader
lel500cr_sand_spitter           Sand Stalker Spitter
lel500cr_sand_stalker           Sand Stalker
lel500ip_exit                   The Canyons
lel510ar_shore_2                Canyon Path
lel510ip_entrance               The Shore
lel510ip_exit                   The Cliffs
lel520ar_shore_3                Blighted Cliffs
lel520ip_entrance               The Cliffs
lel_im_acc_amu_am01             Rivaini Grace
lel_im_acc_amu_am02             Lightning Chain
lel_im_acc_amu_am03             Deep Sawtooth
lel_im_acc_rng_r01              Blackhand Pouch
lel_im_acc_rng_r02              Hotspur
lel_im_acc_rng_r03              Madstone
lel_im_acc_rng_r04              Progenitor Crosscut
lel_im_arm_bot_hvy_01           Heavy Hobnails
lel_im_arm_bot_hvy_02           Long Road Soles
lel_im_arm_bot_lgt_01           High Court Shoe
lel_im_arm_bot_lgt_02           Silverhammer's Light Heel
lel_im_arm_cht_hvy_01           Hard Line Coat
lel_im_arm_cht_hvy_02           The Practical Plates
lel_im_arm_cht_hvy_03           The Initiate's Blessing
lel_im_arm_cht_lgt_01           Buckle-Over Leather
lel_im_arm_cht_lgt_02           Battledress of the Provocateur
lel_im_arm_glv_hvy_01           Favor of the White
lel_im_arm_glv_lgt_01           Lambskin Gauntlets
lel_im_arm_hel_lgt_01           Orlesian Circlet
lel_im_arm_hel_lgt_02           Trouble's Braid
lel_im_arm_shd_twr_01           Half-Cask Ward
lel_im_cth_mag_rob              Artificer's Canopy
lel_im_gift_sword_tug           Tug's Edge
lel_im_plt_orlesian_trinket     Masterwork Leather Piece
lel_im_qck-book_talentw         Tome of Physical Technique
lel_im_qck_book_attribute       Tome of the Mortal Vessel
lel_im_qck_book_skill           Tome of Skill and Sundry
lel_im_qck_book_talentm         Tome of Arcane Technique
lel_im_wep_axe_01               Tug's Edge
lel_im_wep_axe_02               Tug's Edge
lel_im_wep_dag_01               Pelerine Slip-Knife
lel_im_wep_dag_02               Orlesian Purse-Cutter
lel_im_wep_lbw_01               Mont-de-glace Strand
lel_im_wep_lsw_01               Royeaux One and Two
lel_im_wep_mag_sta_01           Sketch's Split-Shaft
lel_im_wep_mel_dag_gry2         Young Grey Brand
lesser_shade                    Lesser Shade
litcr_dead_warrior              Blackstone Mercenary
litcr_kor_ashcorpse             Dead Soldier
litcr_kor_jogby                 Missionary Jogby
litcr_kor_rigby                 Missionary Rigby
litecr_multi_gax_advent         Nervous Adventurer
litecr_multi_gax_deadguy        Adventurer
litecr_multi_gax_demon          Gaxkang the Unbound
litecr_multi_gax_gax            Vilhm Madon
liteim_unbound_journal          Adventurer's Journal
liteim_unbound_letter           Sealed Letter
liteip_camp_turnin              Allied Supply Crates
liteip_gaz_rags                 Pile of Rags
liteip_rogue_barrel             Dead Drop
liteip_rogue_bodybag            Body Bag
liteip_rogue_box                Box of Certain Interests
liteip_rogue_deaddrop           Dead Drop
liteip_rogue_dumpsite           Dump Site
liteip_rogue_letterchest        Chest
liteip_rogue_lettercrate        Crate
liteip_rogue_message            Firing Point
liteip_unbound_adv1             Adventurer's Corpse
lite_anumon_book                The Heirs of Anumon
lite_anumon_eagleglyph          Glyph of the Eagle
lite_anumon_owlglyph            Glyph of the Owl
lite_anumon_serpentglyph        Glyph of the Serpent
lite_caged_sword                Ageless
lite_camp_emiss_dalish          Emissary Caron
lite_camp_emiss_dwarf           Emissary Fellhammer
lite_camp_emiss_eamon           Lieutenant Cadrim
lite_camp_emiss_tranq           Emissary Pether
lite_camp_emiss_were            Emissary Bulfa
lite_chant_names_hunt           Templar Inquisitor
lite_chant_target_revenge       Hired Mercenary
lite_chant_tract_seeker         Commoner Seeker
lite_conscripts_patter          Patter Gritch
lite_conscripts_varel           Varel Baern
lite_conscript_dernal           Dernal Garrison
lite_dencr_courier1             Hooded Courier
lite_dencr_courier2             Hooded Courier
lite_dencr_courier3             Hooded Courier
lite_dencr_courier4             Hooded Courier
lite_dencr_courier5             Hooded Courier
lite_den_ransack                Feoran
lite_den_stolengoods            Stolen Goods
lite_den_suffer_pomer           Pomer the Guard
lite_den_thug1                  Shady Thug
lite_den_thug2                  Shady Thug
lite_fbm_cabbages               Sack of Cabbages
lite_fbm_gabon                  Gabon
lite_fbm_jareb                  Jareb
lite_fite_blackstone            Blackstone Liaison
lite_fite_condolences           Letter of Condolence
lite_fite_conscription          Letter of Conscription
lite_fite_deserter1             Sammael the Deserter
lite_fite_deserter2             Tornas the Deserter
lite_fite_deserter3             Layson the Deserter
lite_fite_deserter_thug1        Shady Thug
lite_fite_deserter_thug2        Shady Thug
lite_fite_grease                Letter of Appreciation
lite_fite_merc1                 Blackstone Mercenary
lite_fite_merc2                 Blackstone Mercenary
lite_fite_orders                Sealed Orders
lite_fite_raelnor               Raelnor Hawkwind
lite_fite_supplies              Guild Supplies
lite_fite_taoran                Taoran Hawkwind
lite_fite_tylora                Letter from Tylora
lite_fite_widow_irenia          Irenia
lite_fite_widow_larana          Larana
lite_fite_widow_sara            Sara
lite_fite_widow_tania           Tania
lite_kor_anathul_cylinder       Silver Cylinder
lite_kor_anathul_handle         Golden Handle
lite_kor_anathul_jolien         Jolien's Journal
lite_kor_anathul_ruby           Ruby Counterweight
lite_kor_anathul_secrets        The Secrets of Anathul
lite_kor_anathul_shard          Crystalline Shard
lite_kor_ash_pouch              Pouch of Ashes
lite_kor_gazarath               Gazarath
lite_kor_lastwill_amulet        Beloved Amulet
lite_kor_lastwill_lockbox       Sealed Lockbox
lite_kor_lastwill_will          Rigby's Last Will and Testament
lite_kor_localmyths             Excerpt from Local Myths and Legends
lite_landry_propagandist        Renold the Propagandist
lite_landry_react_1             Market Patron
lite_landry_react_2             Market Patron
lite_mage_adventurer            Adventurer Leader
lite_mage_adv_fighter           Adventuring Warrior
lite_mage_adv_mage              Adventuring Mage
lite_mage_adv_rogue             Adventuring Rogue
lite_mage_banastor              Scroll of Banastor
lite_mage_collective            Mages' Collective Liaison
lite_mage_feldsparring          Feldspar Ring
lite_mage_goatsblood            Vial of Goat's Blood
lite_mage_harrith               Knight-Commander Harrith
lite_mage_killer                Maleficar
lite_mage_killer2               Maleficar
lite_mage_killer3               Maleficar
lite_mage_killer4               Maleficar
lite_mage_powerglyph            Glyph of Krebulash
lite_mage_renold                Renold
lite_mage_renoldbook            Renold's Journal
lite_mage_renold_abom           Abomination
lite_mage_tavish                Knight-Commander Tavish
lite_mage_termination           Notice of Termination
lite_mage_termination1          Starrick the Apprentice
lite_mage_termination2          Sheth the Apprentice
lite_mage_termination3          Fayd the Apprentice
lite_mage_testimony             Bundled Testimony
lite_multi_demon_assembly       Reth'maznik
lite_orz_fade_beast             Fade Beast
lite_orz_harrow_guard           Harrowmont Guard
lite_ost_survivor               Commander Telm of Harmon
lite_pages_mage                 Mage
lite_pages_thug1                Shady Thug
lite_pages_thug2                Shady Thug
lite_quality_hanald             Hanald Farmerson
lite_quality_loran              Loran the Hack
lite_quality_phillum            Phillum Greely
lite_quality_tyrus              Tyrus the Drunk
lite_red_delli                  Delli
lite_red_jetta                  Jetta
lite_rogue_board                Acquisitions
lite_rogue_board_decide         Guard Contact
lite_rogue_bodybag              Body Bag
lite_rogue_clean_scared1        Sal the Grinder
lite_rogue_clean_scared2        Lee Bloodrake
lite_rogue_clean_scared3        Shivs
lite_rogue_competition1         D's Lieutenant
lite_rogue_competition2         K's Lieutenant
lite_rogue_d                    D
lite_rogue_decisions_docs       Incriminating Documents
lite_rogue_directions           Hideout Directions
lite_rogue_false_witness1       Skinny Frank
lite_rogue_false_witness2       Brian
lite_rogue_false_witness3       Cam of Redside
lite_rogue_k                    K
lite_rogue_letter               Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_1             Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_10            Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_11            Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_12            Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_2             Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_3             Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_4             Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_5             Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_6             Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_7             Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_8             Love Letter
lite_rogue_letter_9             Love Letter
lite_rogue_terms_note           Folded Missive
lite_rogue_terms_revenge        Denerim Mercenary
lite_rogue_terms_revenge2       Denerim Mercenary
lite_rogue_thug1                Rogue Henchman
lite_rogue_thug2                Rogue Henchman
lite_rogue_witness_guard        Thug Bodyguard
lite_sod_propaganda_page        Propaganda Page
lite_summon_foreshadow          Arl Foreshadow
lite_tow_pages_forger           Beyha Joam
lite_young_pickpocket           Young Pickpocket
litim_kor_miss_letter           A Letter
litim_kor_miss_letter2          A Letter
litim_kor_signs_note            Rigby's Field Journal
litip_blackstone_box            Blackstone Irregulars' Box
litip_carta_chest1              Kanky's Common Box
litip_carta_chest2              Jammer's Common Box
litip_carta_chest3              Pique's Common Box
litip_carta_journal             Jammer's Journal
litip_jammer_stash              Jammer's Stash Box
litip_kor_ash_dialog            Pile of Stones
litip_kor_ash_rubble            Pile of Rocks
litip_kor_trail_cache           Chasind Cache
litip_kor_trail_sign            Chasind Trail Sign
litip_kor_will_cache            Hidden Cache
litip_mage_bag                  Mages' Collective Bag
litip_mage_banascroll           Ancient Texts
litip_mage_mysticsite           Mystical Site of Power
litip_mage_warndoor             Door of a Blood Mage's Relative
litip_renold_abom               Pile of Rags
lit_im_carta_jam_key            Jammer's Stash Key
lit_im_carta_open_irn           Iron Letter Opener
lit_im_carta_open_red           Red Steel Letter Opener
lit_im_carta_open_ste           Steel Letter Opener
lit_im_carta_ring_emd           Emerald Costume Ring
lit_im_carta_ring_gld           Gold Costume Ring
lit_im_carta_ring_sil           Silver Costume Ring
lit_im_carta_trkt_flo           Fluorspar Trinket
lit_im_carta_trkt_gar           Garnet Trinket
lit_im_carta_trkt_mal           Malachite Trinket
lit_im_wep_mel_mac_bar          Barbarian Mace
lot100ar_lothering              Lothering
lot100cr_angry                  Helpful Refugee
lot100cr_bandit                 Bandit
lot100cr_bandit2                Bandit
lot100cr_bandit3                Bandit
lot100cr_bandit4                Bandit
lot100cr_bandit_axe             Bandit
lot100cr_bandit_camp_leader     Bandit Leader
lot100cr_bandit_leader          Bandit Leader
lot100cr_bears                  Diseased Bear
lot100cr_boy_2                  Refugee Boy
lot100cr_boy_3                  Refugee Boy
lot100cr_chanter                Chanter Devons
lot100cr_chanter_kid            Kid
lot100cr_chasind2               Chasind
lot100cr_chasindf               Chasind
lot100cr_chasindm               Chasind
lot100cr_child                  Child
lot100cr_dead_knight            Dead Templar
lot100cr_dead_mage              Blood Mage
lot100cr_doomsayer              Doomsayer
lot100cr_dooms_farmer1          Angry Farmer
lot100cr_dooms_farmer2          Angry Farmer
lot100cr_dooms_priest           Chantry Brother
lot100cr_dwarfmerch             Merchant
lot100cr_dwarfm_farmer1         Farmer
lot100cr_dwarfm_farmer2         Farmer
lot100cr_farmer2                Farmer
lot100cr_farmer_unique          Farmer
lot100cr_gaider                 The Magnificent Gaider
lot100cr_giant_spider           Giant Spider
lot100cr_girl_2                 Refugee Girl
lot100cr_girl_3                 Refugee Girl
lot100cr_grobnard_demand        Demanding Grobnard
lot100cr_grobnard_dirty         Dirty-Minded Grobnard
lot100cr_grobnard_excited       Excitable Grobnard
lot100cr_grobnard_petulant      Petulant Grobnard
lot100cr_hurlock_emissary       Hurlock Emissary
lot100cr_miner                  Miner
lot100cr_orphan                 Little Boy
lot100cr_priestf                Sister
lot100cr_refugeef               Refugee
lot100cr_refugeef_2             Refugee
lot100cr_refugeef_3             Refugee
lot100cr_refugeef_4             Refugee
lot100cr_refugeef_5             Refugee
lot100cr_refugeem               Refugee
lot100cr_refugeem_2             Refugee
lot100cr_refugeem_3             Refugee
lot100cr_refugeem_4             Refugee
lot100cr_refugee_attacker       Refugee
lot100cr_refugee_attacker_2     Refugee
lot100cr_refugee_attacker_3     Refugee
lot100cr_refugee_attacker_4     Refugee
lot100cr_refugee_leader         Refugee
lot100cr_robbed1                Robbed Man
lot100cr_robbed_child           Robbed Child
lot100cr_robbed_woman           Robbed Woman
lot100cr_sarha                  Sarha's Corpse
lot100cr_templar                Ser Maron
lot100cr_templar2               Templar
lot100cr_templar3               Templar
lot100cr_warning                Templar
lot100im_knights_locket         Knight's Locket
lot100im_knights_note           Knight's Note
lot100im_magenote               Sealed letter
lot100im_miriams_note           Miriam's Note
lot100im_sarhas_keepsake        Sarha's Keepsake
lot100im_stens_cage_key         Sten's Cage Key
lot100ip_bandit_crate           Crate
lot100ip_bench                  Bench
lot100ip_broken_crate           Broken Crate
lot100ip_chantry_board          Chanter's Board
lot100ip_cragroot               Elfroot
lot100ip_holy_sym_chest         Chest
lot100ip_jarcrate               Crate
lot100ip_sarha_corpse           Corpse
lot100ip_statue_crate           Crate
lot100ip_stens_cage             Cage
lot100ip_to_chantry             Chantry
lot100ip_to_danes_refuge        Dane's Refuge
lot100ip_windmill_door          Door
lot105im_knights_favor_note     Knight's Journal
lot105ip_scroll_rack            Scroll Pile
lot110ar_chantry                Chantry
lot110cr_bryant                 Ser Bryant
lot110cr_farmer                 Farmer
lot110cr_generictemplar         Templar
lot110cr_grand_cleric           Revered Mother
lot110cr_matron_guard           Templar
lot110cr_nun                    Sister
lot110cr_priest                 Sister
lot110cr_refugee_child_f        Refugee Girl
lot110cr_refugee_child_m        Refugee Boy
lot110cr_refugee_fat_m          Refugee
lot110cr_ser_donall             Ser Donall
lot110cr_sister_brazier         Chantry Brother
lot110cr_sister_chanter1        Chanting Brother
lot110cr_sister_chanter2        Chanting Brother
lot110cr_sister_chanter3        Chanting Brother
lot110cr_templar                Ser Varal
lot110im_cabinet_key            Chantry Cabinet Key
lot110ip_bench_marble           Bench
lot110ip_cabinet                Cabinet
lot110ip_codex_book_blight1     Book
lot110ip_codex_book_fox         Book
lot110ip_codex_book_schism      Book
lot110ip_codex_urn              Bookshelf
lot110ip_donalls_book           Book
lot110ip_gc_box                 Small Lockbox
lot110ip_grand_cleric_door      Door
lot110ip_table                  Table
lot110ip_to_village             Lothering
lot120ar_danes_refuge           Dane's Refuge
lot120cr_bard_f                 Bard
lot120cr_bard_m                 Bard
lot120cr_commander              Commander
lot120cr_cook                   Cook
lot120cr_customer               Customer
lot120cr_merchant               Merchant
lot120cr_older_customer         Patron
lot120cr_priest_f               Sister
lot120cr_priest_m               Sister
lot120cr_refugeef               Refugee
lot120cr_refugeem               Refugee
lot120cr_soldier                Soldier
lot120cr_soldier2               Soldier
lot120cr_tavern_owner           Danal
lot120ip_to_village             Lothering
lot185im_justine_scroll         Ancient Encrypted Scrolls
ltl000cr_active_golem_name      Golem
ltl000cr_intert_golem_name      Inert Golem
ltl000im_damaged_1              Broken Sword
ltl000im_damaged_2              Damaged Axe
ltl000im_damaged_3              Shattered Maul
ltl000im_damaged_4              Cracked Breastplate
ltl000im_damaged_5              Ancient Boots
ltl100ar_deep_road_entrance     Knotwood Hills
ltl100cr_hangman_1              Hangman
ltl100cr_hangman_2              Hangman
ltl100im_excavator_start        Discarded Letter
ltl100im_hunter_trinket         Micah's Lucky Deer Foot
ltl100ip_excavator_start        Chest
ltl100ip_hangman_note           Note
ltl100ip_hunters_bag            Bag
ltl100ip_oghren_gift3           Chest
ltl100ip_to_kal_hirol_ent       Kal'Hirol
ltl100ip_to_kal_hirol_smith     Kal'Hirol - Trade Quarter
ltl200ar_kal_hirol_entrance     Kal'Hirol
ltl200cr_ambient_childer        Childer Grub
ltl200cr_jukka                  Jukka
ltl200ip_anders_gift3           Pile of Bones
ltl200ip_damaged_5              Ancient Dwarven Crate
ltl200ip_kal_hirol_party        View of Kal'Hirol
ltl200ip_nathaniel_gift5        Crate
ltl200ip_side_door_switch       Hidden Switch
ltl200ip_to_deep_road_ent       Knotwood Hills
ltl200ip_to_kal_hirol_up_1      Kal'Hirol - Main Hall
ltl200ip_to_kal_hirol_up_2      Kal'Hirol - Main Hall
ltl300ar_kal_hirol_upper        Kal'Hirol - Main Hall
ltl300cr_ap0_casteless_1        Casteless Dwarf
ltl300cr_ap0_darkspawn_1        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap0_darkspawn_2        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap0_darkspawn_3        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap0_darkspawn_4        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap0_darkspawn_5        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap1_casteless_f1       Casteless Apparition
ltl300cr_ap1_casteless_m1       Casteless Apparition
ltl300cr_ap2_dailan             Dailan
ltl300cr_ap2_heckler_1          Heckler
ltl300cr_ap2_heckler_2          Heckler
ltl300cr_ap3_brave              Casteless Man
ltl300cr_ap3_coward             Casteless Man
ltl300cr_ap4_daughter           Casteless Apparition
ltl300cr_ap4_mother             Casteless Apparition
ltl300cr_ap5_crowd_1            Casteless Warrior
ltl300cr_ap5_crowd_2            Casteless Warrior
ltl300cr_ap5_crowd_3            Casteless Warrior
ltl300cr_ap5_crowd_4            Casteless Warrior
ltl300cr_ap5_crowd_5            Casteless Warrior
ltl300cr_ap5_dailan             Dailan
ltl300cr_ap6_casteless_1        Casteless Warrior
ltl300cr_ap6_casteless_2        Casteless Warrior
ltl300cr_ap6_casteless_3        Casteless Warrior
ltl300cr_ap6_casteless_4        Casteless Warrior
ltl300cr_ap6_casteless_5        Casteless Warrior
ltl300cr_ap6_darkspawn_1        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap6_darkspawn_2        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap6_darkspawn_3        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap6_darkspawn_4        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap6_darkspawn_5        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap6_darkspawn_6        Genlock
ltl300cr_ap8_casteless_girl     Casteless Woman
ltl300cr_damaged_3_carrier      Hurlock Emissary
ltl300cr_dead_legion            Legionnaire
ltl300cr_disciple_scout         Disciple Scout
ltl300cr_golem_master           Golem Master
ltl300cr_hostile_golem          Stone Golem
ltl300cr_inert_golem            Inert Stone Golem
ltl300im_control_rod            Golem Control Rod
ltl300ip_casteless_marker       Marker
ltl300ip_dailan_journal         Moldy Journal
ltl300ip_damaged_4              Pile of Bones
ltl300ip_door_lever             Lever
ltl300ip_golem_failure          Inert Golem
ltl300ip_inert_golem            Inert Golem
ltl300ip_justice_ring           Chest
ltl300ip_lyrium_skeleton        Lyrium-Infused Skeleton
ltl300ip_side_door              Door
ltl300ip_to_kal_hirol_ent_1     Kal'Hirol
ltl300ip_to_kal_hirol_ent_2     Kal'Hirol
ltl300ip_to_kal_hirol_smith     Kal'Hirol - Trade Quarter
ltl400ar_kal_hirol_smith        Kal'Hirol - Trade Quarter
ltl400cr_ap7_dailan             Dailan
ltl400cr_ap7_ogre               Ogre
ltl400cr_architect_captain      Architect's War Leader
ltl400cr_invading_genlock_1     Invading Genlock
ltl400cr_invading_genlock_2     Invading Genlock
ltl400cr_invading_hurlock_1     Invading Hurlock
ltl400cr_invading_hurlock_2     Invading Hurlock
ltl400cr_invading_hurlock_3     Invading Hurlock
ltl400cr_invading_hurlock_4     Invading Hurlock
ltl400cr_rat                    Ferret
ltl400cr_repair_golem           Golem Blacksmith
ltl400cr_sarco_golems           Steel Golem
ltl400cr_steafan                Steafan
ltl400cr_steel_golem            Golem
ltl400im_casteless_marker       Stone Marker
ltl400ip_anders_lyrium          Lyrium Bucket
ltl400ip_casteless_marker       Commemorative Marker
ltl400ip_dailan_corpse          Dailan
ltl400ip_damaged_item_2         Damaged Axe
ltl400ip_door_lever             Lever
ltl400ip_kal_hirol_sarco        Hirol's Sarcophagus
ltl400ip_oghren_anvil           Anvil
ltl400ip_repair_deposit         Repair Equipment
ltl400ip_repair_withdraw        Repaired Equipment
ltl400ip_steafan_cage           Cage
ltl400ip_tomb_reward            Sarcophagus
ltl400ip_tomb_runstone          Runestone
ltl400ip_to_deep_road_ent       Knotwood Hills
ltl400ip_to_kal_hirol_lower     Kal'Hirol - Lower Reaches
ltl400ip_to_kal_hirol_upper     Kal'Hirol - Main Hall
ltl400ip_treasury_chest_1       Chest
ltl400ip_treasury_chest_2       Chest
ltl400ip_treasury_chest_3       Chest
ltl400ip_treasury_chest_4       Chest
ltl400ip_treasury_door          Door
ltl400ip_velanna_gift5          Chest
ltl500ar_kal_hirol_lower        Kal'Hirol - Lower Reaches
ltl500cr_broodmother            Broodmother
ltl500cr_hostile_tentacle       Tentacle
ltl500cr_lost                   The Lost
ltl500cr_losts_golem            Inferno Golem
ltl500cr_tentacle               Tentacle
ltl500ip_chain_target           Chain
ltl500ip_lyrium_ball_chain      Chain
ltl500ip_to_kal_hirol_smith     Kal'Hirol - Trade Quarter
ltl500ip_world_map              World Map
ltm000cr_genlock_dual_axes      Genlock
ltm100ar_wastes                 Dragonbone Wastes
ltm100cr_high_dragon            High Dragon
ltm100ip_bone_container_01      Pile of Bones
ltm100ip_bone_container_02      Pile of Bones
ltm100ip_to_drakes              Drake's Fall
ltm200ar_drakes_fall            Drake's Fall
ltm200cr_architect              The Architect
ltm200cr_utha                   Utha
ltm200im_socket_crystal         Crystal
ltm200ip_chest_ornate           Chest
ltm200ip_flesh_pod_1            Flesh Pod
ltm200ip_flesh_pod_2            Flesh Pod
ltm200ip_flesh_pod_3            Flesh Pod
ltm200ip_flesh_pod_4            Flesh Pod
ltm200ip_socket                 Socket
ltm200ip_to_nest                The Nest
ltm200ip_to_wastes              Dragonbone Wastes
ltm300ar_nest                   The Nest
ltm300cr_messenger              Messenger
ltm300cr_mother                 The Mother
ltm300cr_mother_old             The Mother
ltm300cr_mother_tentacle        Giant Tentacle
main_gossip_1                   Gossip
main_gossip_2                   Gossip
merc_human_archer               Mercenary Archer
merc_human_captain              Mercenary Captain
merc_human_dual                 Mercenary
merc_human_heavy                Mercenary
merc_qunari_heavy               Qunari Mercenary
mtn100ip_to_cultists_ruins      Cultist Ruins
mtn100ip_to_orz_gates           Orzammar
mtn110ip_to_mountain_pass       Mountain Pass
nrd_dencr_herren                Herren
nrd_dencr_liselle               Liselle
nrd_dencr_wade                  Master Wade
ntb000ip_door_tevinter          Door
ntb000ip_door_tevinter_dbl      Door
ntb100ar_dalish_camp            Dalish Camp
ntb100cr_amb_werenurse          Werewolf
ntb100cr_amb_werewolf           Werewolf
ntb100cr_apprentice             Dalish Apprentice
ntb100cr_athras                 Athras
ntb100cr_cammen                 Cammen
ntb100cr_elf_child              Elf Child
ntb100cr_elf_child_02           Elf Child
ntb100cr_elf_child_03           Elf Girl
ntb100cr_elf_child_04           Elf Girl
ntb100cr_elf_child_sarel        Elf Child
ntb100cr_elf_female             Elf Woman
ntb100cr_elf_female_02          Elf Woman
ntb100cr_elf_female_03          Hunter
ntb100cr_elf_female_sarel       Elf Woman
ntb100cr_elf_male               Hunter
ntb100cr_elf_male_02            Hunter
ntb100cr_elf_male_03            Hunter
ntb100cr_elf_male_sarel         Hunter
ntb100cr_elf_nurse              Elf Nurse
ntb100cr_elf_sick_f             Sick Elf
ntb100cr_elf_sick_f2            Sick Elf
ntb100cr_elf_sick_f3            Sick Elf
ntb100cr_elf_sick_m             Sick Elf
ntb100cr_elf_sick_m2            Sick Elf
ntb100cr_elf_sick_m3            Sick Elf
ntb100cr_elf_sick_m4            Sick Elf
ntb100cr_elf_sick_m5            Sick Elf
ntb100cr_elora                  Elora
ntb100cr_gheyna                 Gheyna
ntb100cr_lanaya                 Lanaya
ntb100cr_messenger              Messenger
ntb100cr_mithra                 Mithra
ntb100cr_recovering             Hunter
ntb100cr_refugee                Refugee Elf
ntb100cr_returning              Hunter
ntb100cr_sarel                  Sarel
ntb100cr_sparring_01            Werewolf
ntb100cr_sparring_02            Werewolf
ntb100cr_transforming           Hunter
ntb100cr_varathorn              Varathorn
ntb100cr_werewolf_01            Werewolf
ntb100cr_werewolf_02            Werewolf
ntb100cr_werewolf_03            Werewolf
ntb100cr_zathrian               Zathrian
ntb100im_cammen_book            The Tale of Iloren
ntb100im_halla_antlers          Halla Antlers
ntb100im_ironbark_bracer        Ironbark Bracer
ntb100im_lanaya_songbook        Song Book
ntb100ip_barrel1                Barrel
ntb100ip_bench                  Bench
ntb100ip_cod_tattoo             Colored Inks
ntb100ip_lanaya_chest           Chest
ntb100ip_scrolls                Pile of Scrolls
ntb100ip_scroll_2               Scroll
ntb100ip_sickbed                Cot
ntb100ip_statue1                Fen'Harel
ntb100ip_statue2                Ghilan'nain
ntb100ip_statue3                Sylaise
ntb100ip_statue4                Andruil
ntb100ip_statuehead1            God of the Craft
ntb100ip_statuehead4            Eldest of the Sun
ntb100ip_tattoo_inks            Colored Inks
ntb100ip_varathorn_chest        Chest
ntb200ar_brecilian_forestnw     West Brecilian Forest
ntb200cr_bear_black             Black Bear
ntb200cr_bear_great             Great Bear
ntb200cr_deygan                 Deygan
ntb200cr_elven_hunter           Hunter
ntb200cr_elven_hunter2          Hunter
ntb200cr_elven_hunter3          Hunter
ntb200cr_ogre                   Ogre
ntb200cr_panowen                Panowen
ntb200cr_revenant3              Revenant
ntb200cr_skeleton_mage          Skeleton Mage
ntb200cr_sr_werewolf            Werewolf
ntb200cr_sr_werewolf2           Werewolf
ntb200cr_swiftrunner            Swiftrunner
ntb200cr_wolf_blight            Blight Wolf
ntb200im_deygan_figurine        Figurine
ntb200im_ironbark               Ironbark
ntb200ip_bedroll                Bedroll
ntb200ip_camp_destroyed         Abandoned Camp
ntb200ip_camp_entrance          Abandoned Camp
ntb200ip_camp_exit              Abandoned Camp
ntb200ip_corpse1                Corpse
ntb200ip_corpse2                Corpse
ntb200ip_corpse3                Corpse
ntb200ip_dead_deygan            Deygan
ntb200ip_ironbark               Fallen Tree
ntb200ip_nw_to_camp             Dalish Camp
ntb200ip_nw_to_northeast        Northeast Forest
ntb200ip_rubble1                Rubble
ntb200ip_tombstone              Gravestone
ntb210ar_brecilian_forestne     East Brecilian Forest
ntb210cr_camp_shade             Greater Shade
ntb210cr_gatekeeper_minion      Werewolf
ntb210cr_gatekeeper_minion2     Werewolf
ntb210cr_hermit                 Hermit
ntb210cr_revenant               Revenant
ntb210cr_revenant2              Revenant
ntb210cr_skeleton_archer1       Skeleton Archer
ntb210cr_skeleton_archer2       Skeleton Archer
ntb210cr_skeleton_fang1         Fanged Skeleton
ntb210cr_skeleton_normal1_1     Devouring Skeleton
ntb210cr_skeleton_normal1_2     Devouring Skeleton
ntb210cr_swiftguard1            Rabid Werewolf
ntb210cr_swiftguard2            Rabid Werewolf
ntb210cr_swiftguard3            Rabid Werewolf
ntb210cr_sylvan_barrier         Wild Sylvan
ntb210im_grand_oak_heart        Grand Oak Acorn
ntb210im_hermit_book            Book
ntb210im_hermit_pelt            Magical Werewolf Pelt
ntb210ip_bones1                 Pile of Bones
ntb210ip_bones_static           Pile of Bones
ntb210ip_campfire               Firepit
ntb210ip_campsite_01            Bench
ntb210ip_campsite_03            Firepit
ntb210ip_campsite_04            Bedroll
ntb210ip_campsite_05            Tent
ntb210ip_chest                  Chest
ntb210ip_corpse1                Corpse
ntb210ip_corpse2                Skeleton
ntb210ip_heart_path             Heart of the Forest
ntb210ip_ne_to_northwest        Northwest Forest
ntb210ip_rubble1                Rubble
ntb210ip_tombstone              Gravestone
ntb210ip_tombstone2             Gravestone
ntb210ip_tree_stump             Tree Stump
ntb220cr_aneirin                Aneirin
ntb220cr_athras_werewolf        Athras
ntb220cr_danyla                 Danyla
ntb220cr_grand_oak              Grand Oak
ntb220im_danyla_scarf           Scarf
ntb220ip_sw_to_southeast        Southeast Forest
ntb230cr_gatekeeper             Gatekeeper
ntb230cr_white_wolf             Witherfang
ntb230ip_se_to_ruins            Ruins
ntb230ip_se_to_southwest        Southwest Forest
ntb310ar_top_level              Ruins Upper Level
ntb310cr_giant_spider           Giant Spider
ntb310cr_ruins_dragon           Dragon
ntb310ip_chest1                 Chest
ntb310ip_dragonhorde            Dragon Hoard
ntb310ip_hoard_static           Dragon Hoard
ntb310ip_ruins_to_forest        Brecilian Forest
ntb310ip_secretdoor1            Brick Wall
ntb310ip_secretdoor2            Brick Wall
ntb310ip_secretdoor3            Brick Wall
ntb310ip_shortcut_to_lady       Lair of the Werewolves
ntb310ip_top_to_caverns         Lower Level
ntb330ar_lair_of_the_undead     Lower Ruins
ntb330cr_altar_shade            Shade
ntb330cr_altar_shade2           Shade
ntb330cr_arcane_horror          Arcane Horror
ntb330cr_archer_explosive       Skeleton Archer
ntb330cr_archer_fire            Skeleton Archer
ntb330cr_archer_ice             Skeleton Archer
ntb330cr_archer_kback           Skeleton Archer
ntb330cr_ghostly_boy            Ghostly Boy
ntb330cr_ghostly_elf            Ghostly Elf
ntb330cr_lt_revenant            Revenant
ntb330cr_shade                  Shade
ntb330cr_shade_archer           Skeleton Archer
ntb330cr_skeleton_ground        Skeleton
ntb330im_earthen_jug_empty      Empty Earthen Jug
ntb330im_earthen_jug_full       Full Earthen Jug
ntb330im_puzzle_tablet          Tablet
ntb330im_rev_note               Scrap of Paper
ntb330ip_altar                  Altar
ntb330ip_altar_dialog           Altar
ntb330ip_arc_hor                Pile of Rags
ntb330ip_codex_coffin           Elven Burial Chamber
ntb330ip_door_archers           Door
ntb330ip_door_puzzle            Metal Door
ntb330ip_door_shade             Metal Door
ntb330ip_door_skeletons         Door
ntb330ip_door_static            Brick Wall
ntb330ip_fountain               Fountain
ntb330ip_lt_phylactery          Glass Phylactery
ntb330ip_magical_apparatus      Magical Channeling Device
ntb330ip_phylactery             Phylactery
ntb330ip_phylactery_altar       Broken Stone Altar
ntb330ip_rubble                 Sarcophagus
ntb330ip_sarcophagus            Sarcophagus
ntb330ip_sarcophagus_2          Sarcophagus
ntb330ip_undead_to_entrance     Upper Level
ntb330ip_undead_to_werewolf     Lair of the Werewolves
ntb340ar_lair_of_werewolves     Lair of the Werewolves
ntb340cr_golem                  Wild Sylvan
ntb340cr_lady                   Lady of the Forest
ntb340cr_lt_revenant            Revenant
ntb340cr_shadowwolf             Shadow Wolf
ntb340cr_shadowwolf_2           Shadow Wolf
ntb340cr_swiftrunner_human      Swiftrunner
ntb340cr_werewolf               Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_guard1        Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_guard2        Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_guard3        Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_human         Cured Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_human2        Cured Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_human3        Cured Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_human4        Cured Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_human5        Cured Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_human6        Cured Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_human7        Cured Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_human8        Cured Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_protector     Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_protect_1     Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_protect_2     Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_protect_3     Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_protect_4     Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_protect_5     Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_protect_6     Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_protect_7     Werewolf
ntb340cr_werewolf_protect_8     Werewolf
ntb340im_rev_note               Scrap of Paper
ntb340im_witherfang_heart       Heart of the Forest
ntb340ip_chest1                 Chest
ntb340ip_door_lady              Door
ntb340ip_grease_plate           Trap Trigger
ntb340ip_lt_phylactery          Glass Phylactery
ntb340ip_shortcut_to_top        Ruins - Top Level
ntb340ip_werewolf_to_undead     Lower Ruins
nug_core                        Nug
ogre_a                          Ogre
ogre_boss                       Ogre Alpha
ogre_default                    Ogre
ogre_grunt                      Ogre
orz100ar_mountain_pass          Frostback Mountain Pass
orz100cr_ahren                  Ahren
orz100cr_ambient_1              Dwarf
orz100cr_ambient_2              Dwarf
orz100cr_ambient_3              Dwarf
orz100cr_ambient_4              Dwarf
orz100cr_entamb_1               Surface Dwarf
orz100cr_entamb_2               Surface Dwarf
orz100cr_entamb_fem_1           Surface Dwarf
orz100cr_entguard               Orzammar Guard
orz100cr_exitguard              Orzammar Guard
orz100cr_faryn                  Faryn
orz100cr_gerient_dog            Gerient
orz100cr_imrek                  Imrek
orz100cr_knight_escort          Bodyguard
orz100cr_mage_escort            Bodyguard
orz100cr_warden_hunter          Bounty Hunter
orz100cr_whunter_archer         Bounty Hunter
orz100cr_whunter_flunky         Bounty Hunter
orz100cr_whunter_mage           Bounty Hunter
orz100cr_whunter_tank           Bounty Hunter
orz100ip_to_hall_of_heroes      Orzammar
orz100ip_to_mountain_pass       Mountain Pass
orz110ar_hall_of_heroes         Orzammar Hall of Heroes
orz110cr_beggar                 Dwarven Beggar
orz110cr_brankagirl             Young Girl
orz110cr_brankawoman            Old Woman
orz110cr_guard_1                Orzammar Guard
orz110cr_guard_2                Orzammar Guard
orz110cr_guard_welcome          Orzammar Guard
orz110cr_scholar                Dwarven Scholar
orz110ip_codex_key_0            Commission Report
orz110ip_entstatue1             Paragon Bemot
orz110ip_entstatue2             Paragon Garal
orz110ip_entstatue3             Paragon Ortan
orz110ip_entstatue4             Paragon Lantena
orz110ip_entstatue5             Paragon Hrildan
orz110ip_entstatue6             Paragon Branka
orz110ip_paragon_codex          Paragon Statue
orz110ip_to_commons             Commons
orz110ip_to_mountain_pass       Mountain Pass
orz200ar_commons                Orzammar Commons
orz200cr_ambient_f_1            Commoner
orz200cr_ambient_f_2            Commoner
orz200cr_ambient_f_3            Commoner
orz200cr_ambient_f_4            Commoner
orz200cr_ambient_m_1            Commoner
orz200cr_ambient_m_2            Commoner
orz200cr_ambient_m_3            Commoner
orz200cr_ambient_m_4            Commoner
orz200cr_armsmerc               Arms Merchant
orz200cr_burkel                 Brother Burkel
orz200cr_commander              Mines Commander
orz200cr_dagna                  Dagna
orz200cr_figor                  Figor
orz200cr_filda                  Filda
orz200cr_garin                  Garin
orz200cr_guardsman              Captain of the Guard
orz200cr_guard_1                Orzammar Guard
orz200cr_guard_2                Orzammar Guard
orz200cr_guard_3                Orzammar Guard
orz200cr_guard_4                Orzammar Guard
orz200cr_guard_5                Orzammar Guard
orz200cr_guard_warning          Orzammar Guard
orz200cr_legnar                 Legnar
orz200cr_nerav                  Nerav
orz200cr_probhelenguard         Orzammar Guard
orz200cr_proharrowguard         Orzammar Guard
orz200cr_roggar                 Roggar
orz200cr_roggarthug             Slums Thug
orz200cr_roggarthug_dw          Slums Thug
orz200cr_roggarthug_rng         Slums Thug
orz200cr_soldier_1              Soldier
orz200cr_soldier_2              Soldier
orz200cr_soldier_3              Soldier
orz200cr_wrangler               Nug Wrangler Boermor
orz200im_guard_boots            Orzammar Guard Boots
orz200im_guard_chest            Orzammar Guard Chestplate
orz200im_guard_gloves           Orzammar Guard Gloves
orz200im_guard_helm             Orzammar Guard Helmet
orz200im_guard_shield           Orzammar Guard Shield
orz200im_nug                    Box o' Nugs
orz200ip_codex_castes           Wall Carving
orz200ip_codex_geog             Floor Carving
orz200ip_codex_kal_sharok       Rune Plate
orz200ip_codex_key_1            Document
orz200ip_codex_shaper_1         Runestone
orz200ip_signpost               Sign Post
orz200ip_statue_paragon         Statue
orz200ip_to_chantry             Orzammar Chantry
orz200ip_to_gangsters_shop      Janar Armorers
orz200ip_to_hall_of_heroes      Hall of Heroes
orz200ip_to_nobles_quarter      Diamond Quarter
orz200ip_to_proving             Proving
orz200ip_to_shop                Figor's Imports
orz200ip_to_slums               Dust Town
orz200ip_to_tapsters            Tapster's Tavern
orz210ar_tapsters               Tapster's Tavern
orz210cr_amb_f_1                Tapster's Patron
orz210cr_amb_f_2                Tapster's Patron
orz210cr_amb_f_3                Tapster's Patron
orz210cr_amb_m_1                Tapster's Patron
orz210cr_amb_m_2                Tapster's Patron
orz210cr_amb_m_3                Tapster's Patron
orz210cr_amb_m_4                Tapster's Patron
orz210cr_amb_m_5                Tapster's Patron
orz210cr_corra                  Corra
orz210cr_lordhelmi              Lord Helmi
orz210cr_nevin                  Nevin
orz210cr_ordel                  Ordel
orz210cr_reveler1               Reveler
orz210cr_reveler2               Reveler
orz210cr_singer1                Severely Drunken Patron
orz210cr_singer2                Wasted Patron
orz210cr_singer3                Tipsy Patron
orz210cr_singer4                Patron's Wife
orz210cr_waitstaff_1            Tapster's Waitress
orz210cr_waitstaff_2            Tapster's Waitress
orz210ip_dwarf_table            Table
orz210ip_to_commons             Commons
orz220ar_shop                   Figor's Imports
orz220ip_to_commons             Commons
orz230ar_gangsters_hideout      Carta Hideout
orz230cr_carta_assassin         Carta Assassin
orz230cr_carta_dagger_sld       Carta Thug
orz230cr_carta_dual_daggers     Carta Thug
orz230cr_carta_jailor           Carta Jailor
orz230cr_carta_xbow_dagger      Carta Thug
orz230cr_elf                    Elven Mercenary
orz230cr_headthug               Carta Doorman
orz230cr_jarvia                 Jarvia
orz230cr_jarvia_thug_1          Carta Thug
orz230cr_jarvia_thug_2          Carta Thug
orz230cr_nug                    Tame Nug
orz230cr_qunari                 Qunari Mercenary
orz230cr_tame_bronto            Tame Bronto
orz230cr_tame_deepstalker       Tame Deepstalker
orz230im_jail_key               Jail Key
orz230im_jarvia_key             Carta Key
orz230im_trian_evidence         Incriminating Evidence
orz230ip_cell_door              Cell Door
orz230ip_jarvia_chest           Jarvia's Personal Effects
orz230ip_jarvia_locked_door     Metal Door
orz230ip_leske_cell_door        Cell Door
orz230ip_to_gangsters_shop      Carta Shop
orz230ip_to_slums               Dust Town
orz230ip_trianletters           Chest
orz230ip_weapon_rack            Weapon Rack
orz240ar_gangsters_shop         Janar Armorers
orz240cr_janar                  Janar
orz240ip_codex_culture          Wall Carving
orz240ip_to_commons             Commons
orz240ip_to_gangsters_hdout     Gangster's Hideout
orz250ar_chantry                Orzammar Chantry
orz250cr_worshipper_1           Worshipper
orz250cr_worshipper_2           Worshipper
orz250ip_to_commons             Commons
orz260ar_proving                Orzammar Proving
orz260cr_amb_f_1                Proving Fan
orz260cr_amb_f_2                Proving Fan
orz260cr_amb_m_1                Proving Fan
orz260cr_amb_m_2                Proving Fan
orz260cr_amb_m_3                Proving Fan
orz260cr_amb_m_4                Proving Fan
orz260cr_baizyl                 Baizyl
orz260cr_darvianak              Lord Darvianak Volney
orz260cr_farinden               Farinden
orz260cr_fence                  Jertrin
orz260cr_fightfan               Fan
orz260cr_guard_1                Orzammar Guard
orz260cr_guard_2                Orzammar Guard
orz260cr_gwiddon                Gwiddon
orz260cr_hanashan               Hanashan
orz260cr_liteproving            Proving Armsman
orz260cr_lucjan                 Lucjan
orz260cr_myaja                  Myaja
orz260cr_olaniv                 Olaniv
orz260cr_piotin                 Piotin
orz260cr_piotinhench1           Piotin's Right Hand
orz260cr_piotinhench2           Piotin's Henchman
orz260cr_piotinhench3           Piotin's Henchman
orz260cr_provmaster             Proving Master
orz260cr_prov_fight_0           Elven Healer
orz260cr_prov_fight_1           Proving Fighter
orz260cr_prov_fight_2           Proving Fighter
orz260cr_prov_fight_3           Proving Fighter
orz260cr_prov_fight_4           Proving Fighter
orz260cr_prov_fight_5           Proving Fighter
orz260cr_prov_fight_6           Dust Town Thug
orz260cr_prov_fight_7           Blood Mage
orz260cr_prov_fight_8           Champion
orz260cr_prov_fight_9           Arcane Warrior
orz260cr_roshen                 Roshen
orz260cr_seweryn                Seweryn
orz260cr_thief_boss             Fixer Gredin
orz260cr_varick                 Varick
orz260cr_velanz                 Velanz
orz260cr_wojech                 Wojech
orz260im_baizyl_letters         Baizyl's Love Letters
orz260im_myajas_key             Myaja's Key
orz260ip_codex_key_2            Writ of Censure
orz260ip_codex_provings         Wall Carving
orz260ip_to_commons             Commons
orz260ip_to_fighters_1          Fighter's Quarters
orz260ip_to_fighters_2          Proving Lobby
orz261ip_blackmail              Myaja's Chest
orz261ip_quarters_door          Myaja's Quarters
orz300ar_nobles_quarter         Orzammar Diamond Quarter
orz300cr_adal_helmi             Adal Helmi
orz300cr_bhelensupporter1       Bhelen Supporter
orz300cr_bhelensupporter2       Bhelen Supporter
orz300cr_crier_bhelen           Orzammar Crier
orz300cr_crier_harrowmont       Orzammar Crier
orz300cr_guard_1                Orzammar Guard
orz300cr_guard_2                Orzammar Guard
orz300cr_guard_3                Orzammar Guard
orz300cr_guard_4                Orzammar Guard
orz300cr_harrowsupporter1       Harrowmont Supporter
orz300cr_harrowsupporter2       Harrowmont Supporter
orz300cr_hopefulnoble1          Noble
orz300cr_hopefulnoble2          Noble
orz300cr_ladydace               Lady Dace
orz300cr_loilinar               Loilinar
orz300cr_mardy                  Mardy
orz300cr_noblebitch             Noblewoman
orz300cr_nob_ambient_f_1        Dwarven Noble
orz300cr_nob_ambient_f_2        Noble
orz300cr_nob_ambient_f_3        Noble
orz300cr_nob_ambient_m_1        Noble
orz300cr_nob_ambient_m_2        Noble
orz300cr_nob_ambient_m_3        Noble
orz300cr_rica                   Rica
orz300im_dace_map               Aeducan Thaig Map
orz300im_dace_ring              Dace Signet Ring
orz300ip_codex_key_3            Council Writ
orz300ip_codex_nobles           Wall Carving
orz300ip_to_assembly            Chamber of the Assembly
orz300ip_to_commons             Commons
orz300ip_to_harrowmnt           Harrowmont's Estate
orz300ip_to_noble_estate_1      Noble Estate
orz300ip_to_noble_estate_2      Noble Estate
orz300ip_to_royal_palace        Royal Palace
orz300ip_to_shaperate           Shaperate
orz300ip_wep_rack               Weapon Rack
orz310ar_shaperate              Orzammar Shaperate
orz310cr_amb_f_1                Shaperate Cataloger
orz310cr_amb_f_2                Shaperate Scribe
orz310cr_amb_m_1                Shaperate Cataloger
orz310cr_amb_m_2                Shaperate Scribe
orz310cr_liteshaper             Shaper Assistant Milldrate
orz310cr_orta                   Orta
orz310cr_shaper                 Shaper
orz310im_proving_receipt        Proving Receipt
orz310im_stolen_tome            A Volume of Shaper History
orz310ip_chest                  Chest
orz310ip_codex_deeproads        Book
orz310ip_codex_legion           Book
orz310ip_codex_nug_book         Book
orz310ip_codex_nug_song         Book
orz310ip_codex_politics         Book
orz310ip_codex_religion         Book
orz310ip_codex_shaper_0         Wall of Memories
orz310ip_codex_shaper_4         Wall of Memories
orz310ip_memories               Memories
orz310ip_to_nobles_quarter      Diamond Quarter
orz320ar_royal_palace           Orzammar Royal Palace
orz320cr_amb_f_1                Noble
orz320cr_amb_f_2                Noble
orz320cr_amb_m_1                Noble
orz320cr_amb_m_2                Noble
orz320cr_amb_m_3                Noble
orz320cr_bhelen                 Prince Bhelen
orz320cr_bhelenguard            Royal Guard
orz320cr_herbalist              Herbalist Widron
orz320cr_lc_ambassador          Ambassador Gainley
orz320cr_lc_bodyguard           Bodyguard
orz320cr_lc_bodyguard_bow       Bodyguard
orz320cr_lc_bodyguard_sword     Bodyguard
orz320cr_lt_dragon              Dragon
orz320cr_lt_revenant            Revenant
orz320cr_mother                 Mother
orz320cr_patient                Lady Brodens
orz320cr_royalguard             Royal Guard
orz320cr_thief                  Tunneling Thief
orz320cr_thief_goon_1           Tunneling Thief
orz320cr_thief_goon_2           Tunneling Thief
orz320cr_thief_goon_3           Tunneling Thief
orz320cr_thief_goon_4           Tunneling Thief
orz320cr_tt_guard               Royal Guard
orz320im_rev_note               Scrap of Paper
orz320ip_ambassador_door        Door
orz320ip_codex_rica             Letter
orz320ip_codex_trian            Book
orz320ip_door_throne1           Door
orz320ip_door_throne2           Door
orz320ip_estate_door            Royal Estate
orz320ip_lt_phylactery          Glass Phylactery
orz320ip_lt_throne              This is the throne of Orzammar.
orz320ip_to_nobles_quarter      Diamond Quarter
orz330ar_harrowmonts_estate     Harrowmont's Estate
orz330cr_amb_f_1                Noble
orz330cr_amb_f_2                Noble
orz330cr_amb_f_3                Noble
orz330cr_amb_m_1                Noble
orz330cr_amb_m_2                Noble
orz330cr_butler                 Butler
orz330cr_dulin                  Dulin
orz330cr_harrowguard            Harrowmont Guard
orz330cr_harrowmont             Harrowmont
orz330cr_tercy                  Tercy
orz330ip_codex_enderin_note     Scroll
orz330ip_harrow_door            Harrowmont's Study
orz330ip_to_nobles_quarter      Diamond Quarter
orz340ar_assembly               Chamber of the Assembly
orz340cr_deshyr_b_f_1           Deshyr
orz340cr_deshyr_b_f_2           Deshyr
orz340cr_deshyr_b_m_1           Deshyr
orz340cr_deshyr_b_m_2           Deshyr
orz340cr_deshyr_h_f_1           Deshyr
orz340cr_deshyr_h_f_2           Deshyr
orz340cr_deshyr_h_m_1           Deshyr
orz340cr_deshyr_h_m_2           Deshyr
orz340cr_guard                  Assembly Guard
orz340cr_steward                Assembly Steward Bandelor
orz340cr_vartag                 Vartag
orz340im_letter_dace            Promissory Note for Lady Dace
orz340im_letter_helmi           Promissory Note for Lord Helmi
orz340im_planted_papers         Forged Documents
orz340ip_assembly_door          Assembly Chamber
orz340ip_key_cache              Assembly Cache
orz340ip_to_nobles_quarter      Diamond Quarter
orz400ar_slums                  Dust Town
orz400cr_ambush_thug_1          Dust Town Thug
orz400cr_ambush_thug_2          Dust Town Thug
orz400cr_ambush_thug_3          Dust Town Thug
orz400cr_ambush_thug_4          Dust Town Thug
orz400cr_amb_f_1                Beggar
orz400cr_amb_f_2                Beggar
orz400cr_amb_f_3                Beggar
orz400cr_amb_m_1                Beggar
orz400cr_amb_m_2                Beggar
orz400cr_amb_m_3                Beggar
orz400cr_jarviasupporter        Jarvia Supporter
orz400cr_jarviasupporter2       Jarvia Supporter
orz400cr_leske                  Leske
orz400cr_liteambush             Dust Town Thug Leader
orz400cr_nadezda                Nadezda
orz400cr_nug                    Nug
orz400cr_nugcatcher             Idle Dwarf
orz400cr_patrol                 Patrolling Thug
orz400cr_rogek                  Rogek
orz400cr_rogekthug              Rogek's Thug
orz400cr_shaper_thief           Shady Corebit
orz400cr_thug1                  Thug
orz400cr_thug2                  Thug
orz400cr_zerlinda               Zerlinda
orz400im_rogek_lyrium           Smuggled Lyrium
orz400ip_carta_door             Suspicious Door
orz400ip_carta_door_talker      Suspicious Door
orz400ip_codex_casteless        Rubble
orz400ip_codex_key_4            Assembly Directive
orz400ip_to_commons             Commons
orz400ip_to_home                Slums House
orz400ip_to_shop                Alimar's Emporium
orz410ar_players_home           Dust Town Home
orz410cr_jarviathug             Thug Leader
orz410cr_jarviathug_2           Thug
orz410cr_jarviathug_3           Thug
orz410cr_jarviathug_4           Thug
orz410im_carta_key              Finger Bone Token
orz410ip_to_slums               Dust Town
orz420ar_shop                   Alimar's Emporium
orz420cr_alimar                 Alimar
orz420ip_to_slums               Dust Town
orz510ar_caridins_cross         Caridin's Cross
orz510cr_ambusher               Hired Goon
orz510cr_ambusher_leader        Hired Goon
orz510cr_dead_deepstalker       Deepstalker
orz510cr_deepstalkermat         Deepstalker Matriarch
orz510cr_dstalker_runner        Deepstalker
orz510cr_genlock_runner         Genlock Runner
orz510cr_lt_revenant            Revenant
orz510im_rev_note               Scrap of Paper
orz510im_topsider_blade         Topsider's Blade
orz510im_topsider_hilt          Topsider's Hilt
orz510im_topsider_pommel        Topsider's Pommel
orz510ip_ballista               Ballista
orz510ip_codex_blight           Firepit
orz510ip_codex_drifters_0       Rubble
orz510ip_codex_drifters_1       Rubble
orz510ip_codex_drifters_2       Rubble
orz510ip_codex_drifters_3       Rubble
orz510ip_codex_orz1             Statue
orz510ip_codex_shaper_2         Runestone
orz510ip_corpse_charred         Charred Corpse
orz510ip_corpse_darkspawn       Corpse
orz510ip_corpse_dwarf           Corpse
orz510ip_corpse_skeleton        Skeleton
orz510ip_destroyable_wall       Odd Cave Walls
orz510ip_drifters_cache         Drifters' Cache
orz510ip_dwarf_cage             Cage
orz510ip_lt_phylactery          Glass Phylactery
orz510ip_statue1                Road Marker
orz510ip_statue2                Road Marker
orz510ip_statue3                Road Marker
orz510ip_statue4                Road Marker
orz510ip_statue5                Road Marker
orz510ip_statue6                Road Marker
orz510ip_statue7                Road Marker
orz510ip_statue8                Road Marker
orz510ip_statue9                Road Marker
orz510ip_totem_chest            Chest
orz512cr_genlock_hilt           Genlock Emissary
orz520ar_aeducan_thaig          Aeducan Thaig
orz520cr_daceman_1              House Dace Mercenary
orz520cr_daceman_2              House Dace Mercenary
orz520cr_daceman_3              House Dace Mercenary
orz520cr_daceman_dead           Half-Eaten Dwarf
orz520cr_deepstalker_dead       Deepstalker
orz520cr_lord_dace              Lord Dace
orz520ip_codex_caridin          Book
orz520ip_rock_blocker           Caved-In Wall
orz520ip_rune_chest             Chest
orz520ip_static_door_dbl        Metal Door
orz520ip_topsiders_corpse       Warrior's Grave
orz530ar_ortan_thaig            Ortan Thaig
orz530cr_corrupted_custom       Corrupted Spider
orz530cr_dead_corrupt           Corrupted Spider
orz530cr_dead_giant             Giant Spider
orz530cr_dead_poison            Poisonous Spider
orz530cr_giant_spider_alt       Giant Poisonous Spider
orz530cr_golem_short_range      Stone Golem
orz530cr_poison_spider_alt      Thaig Crawler
orz530cr_ruck                   Ruck
orz530cr_spider_queen           Corrupted Spider Queen
orz530cr_spider_summoned        Corrupted Spiderling
orz530im_ortan_records          Ortan Records
orz530ip_branka_journal         Branka's Journal
orz530ip_branka_journal_con     Branka's Journal
orz530ip_cocoon                 Cocoon
orz530ip_orta_records           Ortan Thaig Chest
orz530ip_topsiders_pommel       Vase
orz540ar_anvil_of_the_void      Anvil of the Void
orz540cr_branka                 Branka
orz540cr_branka_clone           Branka
orz540cr_caridin                Caridin
orz540cr_caridin_golem          Stone Golem
orz540cr_caridin_golem2         Stone Golem
orz540cr_golem_encased          Stone Golem
orz540cr_golem_encased_rng      Stone Golem
orz540cr_spirit_1               Forgotten Spirit
orz540cr_spirit_2               Indignant Spirit
orz540cr_spirit_3               Enraged Spirit
orz540cr_spirit_app_head        Spirit Apparatus
orz540im_kings_crown            Paragon-Forged Crown
orz540im_registry_tracing       Golem Registry Tracing
orz540ip_anvil                  Anvil of the Void
orz540ip_apparatus              Spirit Apparatus
orz540ip_apparatus_control      Spirit Anvil
orz540ip_chest                  Chest
orz540ip_gas_valve              Gas Valve
orz540ip_golem_registry         Golem Registry
orz540ip_trap_door              Metal Door
orz540ip_trap_door_e            Door
orz540ip_trap_trigger           Blade Trap
orz550ar_dead_trenches          The Dead Trenches
orz550cr_bmother_tentacle       Broodmother Tentacle
orz550cr_bmother_tent_block     Broodmother Tentacle
orz550cr_broodmother            Broodmother
orz550cr_gangue_shade           Gangue Shade
orz550cr_genlock_alpha          Genlock Forge Master
orz550cr_genlock_emissary       Hurlock Emissary
orz550cr_hespith                Hespith
orz550cr_hurlock_blade          Ancient Darkspawn
orz550cr_kardol                 Kardol
orz550cr_legion_1               Legionnaire
orz550cr_legion_2               Legionnaire
orz550cr_legion_3               Legionnaire
orz550cr_legion_spirit          Legion Spirit
orz550cr_summoned_dwarf_1       Summoned Skeleton
orz550im_legion_insignia        Dead Caste Insignia
orz550im_legion_key             Legionnaire Key
orz550ip_blade_trap             Pendulum Blade Trap
orz550ip_bmother_horde          Fleshy Sack
orz550ip_codex_gangue_shade     Legion of the Dead Relic
orz550ip_codex_orz2             Statue
orz550ip_codex_shaft            Rubble
orz550ip_codex_shaper_3         Runestone
orz550ip_codex_stalata_0        Runestone
orz550ip_codex_stalata_1        Runestone
orz550ip_codex_stalata_2        Runestone
orz550ip_codex_stalata_3        Runestone
orz550ip_hespith_cage           Cage
orz550ip_key_chest              Legion Chest
orz550ip_legion_1               Sarcophagus
orz550ip_legion_2               Sarcophagus
orz550ip_legion_3               Sarcophagus
orz550ip_legion_alter           Legionnaire Altar
orz550ip_legion_final           Sarcophagus
orz550ip_locked_door            Ominous Door
orz560ip_statue                 Cadash Statue
orzcr_bhelen_fanatic_1          Bhelen Fanatic
orzcr_bhelen_fanatic_2          Bhelen Fanatic
orzcr_bhelen_fanatic_3          Bhelen Fanatic
orzcr_bhelen_fanatic_4          Bhelen Fanatic
orzcr_bhelen_fanatic_5          Bhelen Fanatic
orzcr_escaped_nug               Nug
orzcr_harrow_fanatic_1          Harrowmont Fanatic
orzcr_harrow_fanatic_2          Harrowmont Fanatic
orzcr_harrow_fanatic_3          Harrowmont Fanatic
orzcr_harrow_fanatic_4          Harrowmont Fanatic
orzcr_harrow_fanatic_5          Harrowmont Fanatic
orzip_jump_door                 Metal Door
orzip_lyrium_vein_1             Lyrium Vein
orzip_lyrium_vein_2             Lyrium Vein
orzip_lyrium_vein_3             Lyrium Vein
orzip_static_common_door_dn     Door
orzip_static_common_door_dr     Metal Doors
orzip_static_common_door_n      Door
orzip_static_common_door_r      Metal Door
orzip_static_giant_door         Door
orzip_static_noble_door_dn      Door
orzip_static_noble_door_dr      Door
orzip_static_noble_door_n       Door
orzip_static_noble_door_r       Door
orzip_static_slum_door          Metal Door
orzltip_asunder_altar           Altar of Sundering
orzltip_bodyparts_1             Small Bloody Sack
orzltip_bodyparts_2             Small Bloody Sack
orzltip_bodyparts_3             Small Bloody Sack
orz_lite_bodypart1              Head in a Bag
orz_lite_bodypart2              Torso in a Bag
orz_lite_bodypart3              Bag of Limbs
owl                             Owl
ox                              Ox
pig                             Pig
player_placeholder              Cutscene Player Placeholder
player_placeholder_dwarf_f      Cutscene Player Placeholder
player_placeholder_dwarf_m      Cutscene Player Placeholder
player_placeholder_elf_f        Cutscene Player Placeholder
player_placeholder_elf_m        Cutscene Player Placeholder
player_placeholder_human_f      Cutscene Player Placeholder
player_placeholder_human_m      Cutscene Player Placeholder
prc_daep1_lel_im_arm_cht_01     Battledress of the Provocateur
prc_dao_lel_im_arm_cht_01       Battledress of the Provocateur
prc_im_ep1_reward1              Dragonbone Cleaver
prc_im_ep1_reward2              The Sorrows of Arlathan
prc_im_ep1_reward3              Vestments of the Seer
prc_im_ep1_reward4              Cinch of Skillful Maneuvering
prc_im_gib_acc_amu_dao          The High Regard of House Dace
prc_im_gib_acc_amu_ep1          The High Regard of House Dace
prc_im_gib_acc_blt_dao          Sash of Forbidden Secrets
prc_im_gib_acc_blt_ep1          Sash of Forbidden Secrets
prc_im_gib_wep_mac_dao          The Reaper's Cudgel
prc_im_gib_wep_mac_ep1          The Reaper's Cudgel
prc_im_reward1                  Dragonbone Cleaver
prc_im_reward2                  The Sorrows of Arlathan
prc_im_reward3                  Vestments of the Seer
prc_im_reward4                  Cinch of Skillful Maneuvering
prc_im_wep_mel_lsw_drk_dao      Blightblood
prc_im_wep_mel_lsw_drk_ep1      Blightblood
pre100ar_kings_camp             Ostagar
pre100ar_kings_camp_night       Ostagar
pre100cr_army_loghain_01        Loghain's Guard
pre100cr_army_loghain_02        Ash Warrior
pre100cr_army_loghain_03        Ash Warrior
pre100cr_army_loghain_04        Ash Warrior
pre100cr_army_loghain_05        Knight
pre100cr_ash_warrior            Ash Warrior Leader
pre100cr_ash_warrior_1          Ash Warrior
pre100cr_ash_warrior_2          Ash Warrior
pre100cr_ash_warrior_3          Ash Warrior
pre100cr_audience               Soldier
pre100cr_audience1              Soldier
pre100cr_audience2              Soldier
pre100cr_bridge_archer_1        Soldier
pre100cr_bridge_archer_2        Soldier
pre100cr_bridge_archer_3        Soldier
pre100cr_bridge_officer_1       Officer
pre100cr_bridge_officer_2       Officer
pre100cr_bridge_wizard          Mage
pre100cr_bridge_wizard1         Mage
pre100cr_cailan                 King Cailan
pre100cr_cleric                 Priest
pre100cr_daveth                 Daveth
pre100cr_dog                    Sick Mabari
pre100cr_dog_ambient            Mabari Hound
pre100cr_dog_dread              Mabari Hound
pre100cr_dog_dread_1            Mabari Hound
pre100cr_dog_dread_2            Mabari Hound
pre100cr_dog_dread_3            Mabari Hound
pre100cr_dog_vet_ambient        Mabari Hound
pre100cr_duncan                 Duncan
pre100cr_elf_messenger          Elven Messenger
pre100cr_elf_servant_female     Servant
pre100cr_elf_servant_fem_1      Servant
pre100cr_elf_servant_fem_2      Servant
pre100cr_elf_servant_male       Servant
pre100cr_elf_servant_male_1     Servant
pre100cr_elf_servant_male_2     Servant
pre100cr_evangelist             Cleric
pre100cr_genlock                Genlock
pre100cr_genlock_archer         Genlock Archer
pre100cr_gentle                 Tranquil
pre100cr_grand_cleric           Revered Mother
pre100cr_guard                  Guard
pre100cr_guard_patrol_anim      Guard
pre100cr_guard_still            Guard
pre100cr_guard_torch_patrol     Guard
pre100cr_guard_torch_still      Guard
pre100cr_hurlock                Hurlock
pre100cr_jory                   Jory
pre100cr_kings_guard_1          Guard
pre100cr_kings_guard_2          Guard
pre100cr_knight                 Knight
pre100cr_knight_1               Knight
pre100cr_knight_2               Knight
pre100cr_knight_fem             Knight
pre100cr_knight_fem_1           Knight
pre100cr_knight_stealing        Knight
pre100cr_loghain                Loghain
pre100cr_nurse                  Nurse
pre100cr_officer                Officer
pre100cr_officer_1              Officer
pre100cr_officer_fem            Officer
pre100cr_priestess_praying      Priest
pre100cr_prisoner               Prisoner
pre100cr_quarter                Quartermaster
pre100cr_sercauthrien           Ser Cauthrien
pre100cr_sergeant               Sergeant
pre100cr_soldier                Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_1              Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_1_combat       Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_2              Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_2_combat       Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_3              Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_3_combat       Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_archer1        Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_archer2        Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_archer3        Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_ballista       Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_ballista2      Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_bridge         Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_chatting       Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_complain       Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_dying          Tower Guard
pre100cr_soldier_elf_female     Elven Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_elf_fem_1      Elven Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_elf_male       Elven Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_elf_male_1     Elven Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_elf_male_2     Elven Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_fearful        Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_fem            Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_fem_1          Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_fem_2          Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_gossip1        Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_gossip2        Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_join           Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_king           King's Guard
pre100cr_soldier_loghain        Loghain's Guard
pre100cr_soldier_panicked       Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_patrol_1       Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_patrol_2       Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_patrol_3       Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_road           Soldier
pre100cr_soldier_wilds_gate     Soldier
pre100cr_sold_battle_gate       Soldier
pre100cr_templar                Templar
pre100cr_templar_1              Templar
pre100cr_uldred                 Uldred
pre100cr_vet                    Kennel Master
pre100cr_wizard                 Mage
pre100cr_wizard_1               Mage
pre100cr_wizard_2               Mage
pre100cr_wizard_argue           Mage
pre100cr_wizard_join            Circle Mage
pre100cr_wounded                Wounded Soldier
pre100cr_wynne                  Wynne
pre100im_food                   Food
pre100im_gravity_arrows         Gravity Arrows
pre100im_gravity_bows           Gravity Longbow
pre100im_key_wizards_chest      Key to Mages' Chest
pre100im_kings_armor            Chevalier's Armor
pre100im_kings_boots            Chevalier's Boots
pre100im_kings_gloves           Chevalier's Gloves
pre100im_muzzle                 Dog Muzzle
pre100im_water                  Water
pre100ip_bridge_barrel          Barrel
pre100ip_bridge_gate            Gate
pre100ip_bridge_gate_open       The King's Road
pre100ip_camp_gate              Gate
pre100ip_camp_gate_open         Gate
pre100ip_catapult               Catapult
pre100ip_chantry_sign           Chantry Encampment
pre100ip_chest                  Chest
pre100ip_fence_gate             Gate
pre100ip_impact_point           Impact Point
pre100ip_infirmary_sign         Infirmary
pre100ip_kennel_sign            Kennels
pre100ip_lightning_point        Lightning Point
pre100ip_locked_chest           Chest
pre100ip_magi_sign              Magi Encampment
pre100ip_quartermaster_sign     Quartermaster
pre100ip_ritual_cup             Goblet
pre100ip_ritual_gate            Doors
pre100ip_royal_sign             Royal Enclave
pre100ip_sacks                  Sacks
pre100ip_small_table            Small Table
pre100ip_strategy_map           Map of Ostagar
pre100ip_tower_gate             The Tower of Ishal
pre100ip_tower_gate_closed      The Tower of Ishal
pre100ip_to_tower               The Tower of Ishal
pre100ip_to_wilds               Korcari Wilds
pre100ip_war_sign               War Council
pre100ip_wizards_chest          Chest
pre100wp_archery_invis          IF YOU CAN SEE THIS SOMETHING IS WRONG
pre100wp_archery_target         Archery Target
pre200ar_korcari_wilds          Korcari Wilds
pre200cr_dead_1                 Dead Soldier
pre200cr_dead_2                 Dead Soldier
pre200cr_dead_3                 Dead Soldier
pre200cr_dead_4                 Dead Soldier
pre200cr_dead_5                 Dead Soldier
pre200cr_dead_6                 Dead Soldier
pre200cr_dead_7                 Dead Soldier
pre200cr_dying                  Dying Soldier
pre200cr_genlock_1              Genlock
pre200cr_genlock_archer         Genlock Archer
pre200cr_genlock_rogue          Genlock Rogue
pre200cr_hurlock_1              Hurlock
pre200cr_hurlock_alpha          Hurlock Alpha
pre200cr_hurlock_archer         Hurlock Archer
pre200cr_hurlock_emissary       Hurlock Emissary
pre200cr_squirrel               Squirrel
pre200cr_wolf                   Wolf
pre200cr_wolf_2                 Wolf
pre200cr_wolf_loot              Wolf
pre200im_darkspawn_blood        Vial of Darkspawn Blood
pre200im_documents              Ancient Scrolls
pre200im_flower                 Wilds Flower
pre200im_key_flemeth            Flemeth's Key
pre200im_treaties               Ancient Treaties
pre200ip_flower                 Wilds Flower
pre200ip_hanging_corpse         Hanging Corpse
pre200ip_iron_chest             Chest
pre200ip_iron_chest2            Iron Chest
pre200ip_obelisk                Ancient Obelisk
pre200ip_tent                   Soldier's Tent
pre200ip_tent_1                 Soldier's Tent
pre200ip_to_camp                Ostagar
pre200ip_wardens_cache          Warden's Cache
pre210ar_flemeths_hut_ext       Deep in the Wilds
pre210cr_dragon                 Flemeth the Shapeshifter
pre210cr_flemeth                Flemeth
pre210ip_exit                   World Map
pre210ip_to_flem_interior       Flemeth's Hut
pre210ip_transformbox           Anvil
pre211ar_flemeths_hut_int       Hut
pre211cr_flemeth                Flemeth
pre211ip_chest_iron             Chest
pre211ip_to_wilds               Korcari Wilds
pre410ar_tower_level_1          Tower of Ishal - First Floor
pre410cr_genlock_alpha          Genlock Alpha
pre410cr_genlock_emissary       Genlock Emissary
pre410ip_ambush_door_01         Metal Door
pre410ip_ambush_door_02         Metal Door
pre410ip_burning_barricade1     Barricade
pre410ip_burning_barricade2     Barricade
pre410ip_chest                  Wooden Chest
pre410ip_to_exterior            Ostagar
pre410ip_to_tower2              Second Floor
pre420ar_tower_level_2          Tower of Ishal - Second Floor
pre420ip_ballista               Ballista
pre420ip_book                   Discarded Book
pre420ip_to_tower1              First Floor
pre420ip_to_tower3              Third Floor
pre430ar_tower_level_3          Tower of Ishal - Third Floor
pre430cr_dog                    Dog
pre430cr_genlock_alpha          Genlock Alpha
pre430cr_genlock_emissary       Genlock Emissary
pre430ip_chest                  Wooden Chest
pre430ip_kennel                 Dog Kennel
pre430ip_kennel_lever           Cage Release
pre430ip_to_tower2              Second Floor
pre430ip_to_tower4              Top Floor
pre440ar_tower_level_4          Tower of Ishal - Upper Floor
pre440cr_genlock_alpha          Genlock Alpha
pre440cr_hurlock                Hurlock
pre440cr_ogre                   Ogre
pre440ip_barrel                 Barrel
pre440ip_beacon                 Beacon
pre440ip_to_tower3              Third Floor
preip_gen_treasure              Chest
preip_gen_treasure_crate        Crate
prm000im_dragon_blood_boots     Blood Dragon Plate Boots
prm000im_dragon_blood_glove     Blood Dragon Plate Gauntlets
prm000im_dragon_blood_helm      Blood Dragon Plate Helmet
prm000im_dragon_blood_plate     Blood Dragon Plate
rage_demon                      Greater Rage Demon
rage_demon_a                    Rage Demon
rage_demon_lesser               Lesser Rage Demon
ram                             Ram
ran00ip_crate                   Wooden Crate
ran100ar_highway_mages          Roadside
ran100cr_apprentice_a           Apprentice
ran100cr_apprentice_b           Apprentice
ran100cr_ds_axeshield           Hurlock
ran100cr_ds_leader              Hurlock Alpha
ran100cr_ds_lsword              Hurlock
ran100cr_ds_mace                Hurlock
ran100cr_mage                   Mage
ran105ar_highway_refugees       Abandoned Meadow
ran105cr_ds_axe                 Hurlock
ran105cr_ds_boss_a              Hurlock Emissary
ran105cr_ds_genarcher           Genlock
ran105cr_ds_mace                Hurlock
ran110ar_plains_darkspawn_1     Hillside Path
ran110cr_darkspawn_leader       Darkspawn Leader
ran110cr_hurlock_lbow           Hurlock
ran110cr_hurlock_sword          Hurlock
ran120ar_mages_pages            Trade Route
ran120cr_hired_sword_a          Hired Swordsman
ran120cr_hired_sword_b          Hired Swordsman
ran120cr_hired_sword_c          Hired Swordsman
ran120cr_hired_sword_d          Hired Swordsman
ran120cr_hired_sword_e          Hired Swordsman
ran120cr_hired_sword_f          Hired Swordsman
ran120cr_merchant               Beyha Joam
ran130ar_plains_undead          Low Road
ran130cr_corpse_devour          Devouring Corpse
ran130cr_corpse_shambling       Shambling Corpse
ran130cr_hurlock_emissary       Emissary
ran130cr_hurlock_mace           Hurlock
ran130cr_hurlock_omega          Hurlock Omega
ran130cr_hurlock_sword          Hurlock
ran130cr_revenant               Revenant
ran130cr_skel_archer            Skeleton Archer
ran140ar_taorans_camp           Taoran's Camp
ran140cr_bandit_archer_a        Bandit
ran140cr_bandit_melee_a         Bandit
ran140cr_bandit_melee_b         Bandit
ran152ar_chest_offering         Offering
ran152ar_plains_demons_1        Steep Path
ran152cr_corpse_flaming         Flaming Servant
ran152cr_demon_rage             Greater Rage Demon
ran154ar_plains_demons_2        Lakeside Road
ran154ar_shambling_corpse       Shambling Corpse
ran154cr_demon_leader           Abomination
ran154cr_templar_a              Templar
ran160ar_false_witnesses        Wooded Glen
ran170ar_seen_me                Out of the Way
ran180ar_trickster              Roadside Stop
ran180cr_trickster              Trickster Whim
ran180cr_trickster2             Trickster Whim
ran180cr_trickster3             Trickster Whim
ran190ar_forest_sylvans         Twisted Forest
ran190cr_sylvan                 Wild Sylvan
ran200ar_forest_were            Forest Clearing
ran200cr_refugee_a              Refugee
ran200cr_refugee_b              Refugee
ran200cr_refugee_c              Refugee
ran200cr_refugee_d              Refugee
ran200cr_refugee_e              Refugee
ran200cr_refugee_f              Refugee
ran200cr_refugee_g              Refugee
ran200cr_refugee_h              Refugee
ran200cr_spider_b               Giant Spider
ran200cr_spider_c               Spiderling
ran200cr_werewolf_a             Werewolf
ran200cr_werewolf_b             Werewolf
ran200cr_werewolf_c             Werewolf
ran200cr_werewolf_d             Werewolf
ran200cr_werewolf_e             Werewolf
ran200cr_werewolf_f             Werewolf
ran200cr_werewolf_g             Werewolf
ran200cr_werewolf_leader        Werewolf Alpha
ran210ar_forest_spiders         Dark Forest
ran210ip_cocoon                 Cocooned Corpse
ran210ip_pile_filth             Pile of Filth
ran220ar_forest_e_v_w           Forest Path
ran220cr_elf_hunter             Elf Warrior
ran220cr_elf_hunter_a           Elf Warrior
ran220cr_elf_hunter_b           Elf Warrior
ran220cr_elf_hunter_c           Elf Warrior
ran220cr_elf_hunter_d           Elf Warrior
ran220cr_elf_hunter_e           Elf Warrior
ran220cr_elf_hunter_f           Elf Warrior
ran220cr_elf_hunter_g           Elf Warrior
ran220cr_elf_hunter_h           Elf Warrior
ran220cr_spider_a               Giant Spiderling
ran220cr_spider_boss            Queen Spider
ran220cr_werewolf               Werewolf
ran220cr_werewolf_a             Werewolf
ran220cr_werewolf_b             Werewolf
ran230ar_forest_bandits         River Crossing
ran230cr_bandit_archer_a        Bandit
ran230cr_bandit_archer_b        Bandit
ran230cr_bandit_archer_c        Bandit
ran230cr_bandit_dog             Mabari
ran230cr_bandit_melee_a         Bandit
ran230cr_bandit_melee_b         Bandit
ran230cr_bandit_melee_c         Bandit
ran240ar_forest_ds_2            Forest Meadow
ran240cr_dead_refugee_a         Dead Refugee
ran240cr_dead_refugee_b         Dead Refugee
ran240cr_dead_refugee_c         Dead Refugee
ran240cr_dead_refugee_d         Dead Refugee
ran240cr_dead_refugee_lt        Dead Refugee
ran240cr_genlock_axe            Genlock
ran240cr_genlock_em             Genlock Emissary
ran240cr_genlock_leader         Genlock Alpha
ran250ar_chest_a                Chest
ran250ar_forest_jowan           Deep Woods
ran250cr_jowan                  Jowan
ran250cr_jowan_refugee_a        Refugee
ran250cr_jowan_refugee_b        Refugee
ran250cr_jowan_refugee_c        Refugee
ran260ar_forest_civil_war_1     Forest Outcropping
ran260cr_bannorn_knight         Bannorn Knight
ran260cr_bannorn_troop_a        Bannorn Soldier
ran260cr_bannorn_troop_b        Bannorn Soldier
ran260cr_bannorn_troop_c        Bannorn Soldier
ran260cr_bannorn_troop_d        Bannorn Soldier
ran260cr_bannorn_troop_e        Bannorn Soldier
ran260cr_loghain_sergeant       Loghain Sergeant
ran260cr_loghain_troop_a        Loghain Soldier
ran260cr_loghain_troop_b        Loghain Soldier
ran260cr_loghain_troop_c        Loghain Soldier
ran260cr_loghain_troop_d        Loghain Soldier
ran260cr_loghain_troop_e        Loghain Soldier
ran270ar_forest_ambush          Twisted Path
ran270cr_bandit_a               Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_b               Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_c               Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_d               Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_e               Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_f               Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_g               Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_grumpy          Grumpy Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_h               Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_hungry          Hungry Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_i               Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_j               Bandit
ran270cr_bandit_leader          Bandit Leader
ran270ip_chest_a                Chest
ran270ip_traptrip_alert         Trap Trigger
ran280ar_forest_orz_rebels      Forest Incline
ran280cr_dwarf_a                Dwarf Rebel
ran280cr_dwarf_b                Dwarf Rebel
ran280cr_dwarf_c                Dwarf Rebel
ran280cr_dwarf_d                Dwarf Rebel
ran280cr_dwarf_e                Dwarf Rebel
ran280cr_dwarf_f                Dwarf Rebel
ran280cr_dwarf_soldier          Dwarf Rebel Leader
ran290ar_forest_ntb_steal       Wooded Hills
ran290cr_hunter_a               Hunter
ran290cr_hunter_b               Hunter
ran290cr_hunter_c               Hunter
ran290cr_hunter_d               Hunter
ran290cr_melora                 Melora
ran290ip_chest_a                Chest
ran290ip_chest_b                Chest
ran300ar_plains_darkspawn_3     Bloody Plains
ran300cr_ds_a                   Hurlock
ran300cr_ds_b                   Genlock
ran300cr_ds_leader              Hurlock Alpha
ran300cr_ds_mage                Hurlock Emissary
ran310ar_plains_beasts          The Low Road
ran310cr_bereskarn_a            Bereskarn
ran310cr_wolf_a                 Blight Wolf
ran320ar_plains_wolves          Desolate Highway
ran320cr_wolf_a                 Wolf
ran320ip_sign                   Sign
ran320ip_sign_traps             Sign
ran401ar_highway_zevran1        The Long Road
ran401cr_assassin_a             Traveler
ran401cr_assassin_b             Traveler
ran401cr_assassin_c             Traveler
ran401cr_assassin_d             Traveler
ran401cr_assassin_ranged_a      Assassin
ran401cr_assassin_ranged_b      Assassin
ran401cr_assassin_ranged_c      Assassin
ran401cr_assassin_ranged_d      Assassin
ran401cr_survivor               Traveler
ran401cr_zevran                 Zevran
ran401ip_encounter_exit         World Map
ran401tp_exp_med                Trap Trigger
ran401_im_lt_jenletter          Letter
ran401_tr_trip_explode          Trap Trigger
ran405ar_highway_dog            Deserted Farmland
ran405cr_ds_a                   Hurlock
ran405cr_ds_b                   Hurlock
ran405cr_ds_c                   Hurlock
ran405cr_ds_d                   Hurlock
ran405cr_ds_e                   Hurlock
ran405cr_ds_f                   Hurlock
ran405cr_ds_g                   Hurlock
ran405cr_ds_leader              Hurlock Alpha
ran409ar_leliana_assasins       Forest Stream
ran409cr_assasin_leader         Assassin Leader
ran409cr_brute_a                Qunari Mercenary
ran409cr_brute_b                Qunari Mercenary
ran409cr_dog                    Mabari
ran409cr_mage                   Witch
ran409cr_wolf                   Wolf
ran409_assasin_ranged_a         Assassin Archer
ran410cr_leliana_ass_leader     Assassin Leader
ran500ar_hw_army_redcliffe      Roadside Field
ran500cr_ds_archer              Genlock
ran500cr_ds_axe                 Hurlock
ran500cr_ds_mace                Hurlock
ran500cr_ds_ogre                Ogre
ran500cr_hw_army_redcliff_a     Redcliffe Soldier
ran500cr_hw_army_redcliff_b     Redcliffe Soldier
ran510ar_hw_army_dwarves        Winding Road
ran510cr_army_dwarf_a           Dwarven Soldier
ran510cr_army_dwarf_b           Dwarven Soldier
ran510cr_ds_genlock             Genlock
ran510cr_ds_ogre                Ogre
ran510cr_ds_swd_shld            Hurlock
ran520ar_hw_army_elves          Rocky Road
ran520cr_army_elf_a             Elven Scout
ran520cr_army_elf_b             Elven Scout
ran520cr_army_elf_c             Elven Scout
ran520cr_army_elf_d             Elven Scout
ran520cr_ds_genarcher           Genlock
ran520cr_ds_hurarcher           Hurlock
ran520cr_ds_shkcaster           Shriek
ran530ar_hw_army_werewolves     Wooded Highway
ran530cr_army_werewolf          Werewolf
ran530cr_ds_hurlock             Hurlock
ran530cr_ds_ogre                Ogre
ran600ar_hw_battle              Deserted Battlefield
ran600cr_bear                   Bear
ran600cr_rat                    Giant Rat
ran600cr_wolf                   Wolf
ran600cr_wolf_a                 Wolf
ran600ip_corpse_knight_info     Bloody Corpse
ran600ip_sack_a                 Sack
ran700ar_merchant               Gentle Path
ran700cr_merchant               Old Tegrin
ran800ar_hw_cir_templars        Narrow Road
ran800cr_mage_a                 Conscripted Mage
ran800cr_templar                Templar
ran800cr_templar_boss           Templar Commander
ran900ar_sp_lotr                Treacherous Path
ran900cr_corpse1                Dead Refugee
ran900cr_corpse2                Dead Refugee
ran900cr_shade                  Shade
ran900cr_shade_leader           Greater Shade
ran900cr_shriek_leader          Shriek Alpha
ran900im_note                   Tattered Note
ran920ar_orepile                Pile of Ore
ran920ar_sp_supermetal          The Crater
ran920cr_kent                   Jon
ran920cr_kent_ma                Marta
ran920im_metal                  Meteor Metal Ore
ran940_grave_ph                 Gravestone
ran950ar_sp_axeinstump          Strange Wood
ran950cr_axe                    Awestruck Villager
ran950cr_axe_peasant_1          Awestruck Villager
ran950cr_axe_peasant_2          Awestruck Villager
ran950cr_peasant_a              Awestruck Villager
ran950cr_peasant_b              Awestruck Villager
ran950cr_peasant_c              Awestruck Villager
ran950cr_peasant_d              Awestruck Villager
ran950cr_peasant_e              Awestruck Villager
ran950ip_sp_axe                 Axameter
ran950_sp_stump                 Enchanted Stump
ranip_banner_a                  Banner
ranip_barrel_a                  Barrel
ranip_barricade_corpse          Barricade
ranip_barricade_fence           Barricade
ranip_cart                      Cart
ranip_chest_buried              Chest
ranip_corpse_charred            Bloody Corpse
ranip_corpse_darkspawn          Bloody Corpse
ranip_corpse_knight             Bloody Corpse
ranip_corpse_ox                 Dead Ox
ranip_corpse_pile               Corpse Pile
ranip_corpse_static             Bloody Corpse
ranip_crate                     Crate
ranip_fence_farm                Fence
ranip_fence_gate                Fence
ranip_fence_spikey              Fence
ranip_food_goblet               Goblet
ranip_plate                     Plate
ranip_shrub                     Shrub
ranip_sign1                     Sign
ranip_stump_b                   Tree Stump
ranip_trap_explosive            Trap Trigger
ranip_trap_explosive_trip       Trap Trigger
ranip_trap_gas_med              Trap Trigger
ranip_trap_leghold_wood         Flimsy Leghold Trap
ranip_trap_summon_skeleton      Trap Trigger
ranip_tree_dead                 Dead Tree
ranip_wagon                     Wagon
rat_ambient                     Rat
rat_giant                       Giant Rat
raven                           Raven
revenant                        Revenant
revenant_a                      Revenant
rnd600ar_soldiers_diary         Soldier's Diary
rogue_melee                     Rogue
rogue_ranged                    Rogue
rxa110ar                        Sunbaked Canyon
rxa110im_note                   Diary Page
rxa120ar                        Forest Path
rxa121ar                        Canyon Road
rxa122ar                        Roadside Farm
rxa130ar                        Burning Bridge
rxa130cr_crow_assasin           Crow Assassin
rxa130im_note                   Assassin's Mark
rxa140ar                        Pirate Infested Shore
rxa150ar                        Forest Clearing
rxa150im_note                   Wanted List
rxa150ip_templar_a              Templar Corpse
rxa150ip_templar_b              Templar Corpse
rxa160ar                        The Howe Road
rxa170ar                        Remote Glade
rxa170cr_dalish_f               Dalish Elf
rxa170cr_dalish_m               Dalish Elf
rxa200ar_conspiracy_farm        Old Stark's Farm
rxa210ar                        Abandoned Farm
rxa210cr_enc_lilith             Lillith
rxa220ar_hostage_ruin           Forlorn Cove
rxa220cr_enc_eileen             Eileen Bensley
rxa220cr_enc_host_flunky        Tough Bandit
rxa220cr_enc_thug_leader        Mosley the Snake
rxa220cr_thug_1                 Bandit
rxa220cr_thug_2                 Bandit
rxa220cr_thug_3                 Bandit
rxa220cr_thug_4                 Bandit
rxa220cr_thug_5                 Bandit
rxa230ar_shore_salvage          Anselm's Reef
rxa230cr_scavenger_1            Scavenger
rxa230cr_scavenger_2            Scavenger
rxa230cr_scavenger_3            Scavenger
rxa230cr_scavenger_4            Scavenger
rxa230im_salvaged_goods         Salvaged Trade Goods
rxa230ip_crate_1                Crate
rxa230ip_crate_2                Crate
rxa240ar_dead_farm              The Turnoble Estate
rxa240cr_dead_templar           Templar Corpse
rxa240cr_turnoble               Goodwife Valena Turnoble
rxaip_corpse_dragonhunter       Dragon-Hunter Corpse
rxaip_trea_bones_a              Bones
rxaip_trea_chestbur_lck         Crate
rxaip_trea_chestbur_ulck        Crate
rxaip_trea_chestirn_lck         Iron Chest
rxaip_trea_chestorn_lck         Ornate Chest
rxaip_trea_chestorn_ulck        Ornate Chest
rxaip_trea_chest_ulck           Chest
rxaip_trea_crate                Crate
rxaip_trea_crate_broken         Broken Crate
rxaip_trea_filth_a              Pile of Filth
rxaip_trea_sack_lg              Large Sack
rxaip_trea_sack_pile            Pile of Sacks
rxaip_trea_sack_sm              Small Sack
rxaip_trea_trash_a              Pile of Trash
rxaip_wmt_generic               World Map
rxa_bar_archer                  Avvar Archer
rxa_bar_dsword                  Avvar Warrior
rxa_bar_ldr                     Avvar Clan Leader
rxa_bar_twhanded                Avvar Warrior
rxa_cor_devouring               Putrid Devouring Corpse
rxa_cor_ravenous                Ravenous Enraged Corpse
rxa_dwf_hvy                     Dwarven Warrior
rxa_dwf_ldr                     Dwarven Commander
rxa_dwf_shld                    Dwarven Warrior
rxa_elf_archer_a                Elf Archer
rxa_elf_archer_b                Elf Archer
rxa_elf_dual_a                  Elf Warrior
rxa_elf_dual_b                  Elf Warrior
rxa_elf_leader                  Elf Leader
rxa_gen_alpha_axes              Genlock Alpha
rxa_gen_alpha_bow               Genlock Alpha
rxa_gen_axe                     Genlock
rxa_gen_bowdagger               Genlock
rxa_gen_dagger                  Genlock
rxa_gen_emi_bal                 Genlock Emissary
rxa_gen_emi_off                 Genlock Emissary
rxa_gen_mace                    Genlock
rxa_hul_alpha_axeshield         Hurlock Alpha
rxa_hul_alpha_gsword            Hurlock Alpha
rxa_hul_axe                     Hurlock
rxa_hul_axeshield               Hurlock
rxa_hul_bowaxe                  Hurlock
rxa_hul_emi_def                 Hurlock Emissary
rxa_hul_emi_off                 Hurlock Emissary
rxa_hul_maceshield              Hurlock
rxa_hul_swordshield             Hurlock
rxa_hum_bldmage_a               Blood Mage
rxa_hum_bldmage_b               Blood Mage
rxa_hum_bldmage_c               Blood Mage
rxa_hum_bldmage_d               Blood Mage
rxa_hum_merc_archer             Mercenary Archer
rxa_hum_merc_dual               Mercenary
rxa_hum_merc_heavy              Mercenary
rxa_hum_pir_archer              Pirate
rxa_hum_pir_dual                Pirate
rxa_hum_pir_ldr                 Pirate Leader
rxa_hum_witch_a                 Fen Witch
rxa_lol_pkrt                    Ferret the Packrat
rxa_ogre_default                Ogre
rxa_qun_archer                  Qunari Mercenary
rxa_qun_warldr                  Qunari Mercenary
rxa_qun_warshd                  Qunari Mercenary
rxa_qun_warswd                  Qunari Mercenary
rxa_shk_normal                  Shriek
rxa_skel_frenzied               Frenzied Devouring Skeleton
rxa_skel_shambling              Mangled Shambling Skeleton
shade                           Greater Shade
shade_a                         Shade
shade_b                         Greater Shade
shale200_amalia                 Amalia
shale200_kittydemon             Kitty
shale200_mattias                Matthias
shale200_villager               Villager
shale_new                       Shale
shl100ar_honnleath              Village of Honnleath
shl100cr_fleeing_villager_1     Villager
shl100cr_fleeing_villager_2     Villager
shl100cr_villager_fighting      Villager
shl100im_bloodykey              Bloodied Bronze Key
shl100im_cheeseknife            Olaf's Prized Cheese Knife
shl100im_control_rod            Golem Control Rod
shl100im_councilnote            Note from the Honnleath Village Council
shl100ip_birdseed               Basket of Birdseed
shl100ip_crystal_chest          Broken Chest
shl100ip_olaf                   Villager
shl100ip_olafs_chest            Olaf's Chest
shl100ip_world_transition       World
shl100pl_door_to_cellar         Wilhelm's Cellar
shl100pl_door_to_cellar_2       Wilhelm's Cellar
shl200ar_cellar                 Wilhelm's Cellar
shl200cr_cellar_villager_1      Villager
shl200cr_cellar_villager_2      Villager
shl200cr_dead_villager          Villager
shl200cr_dust_wraith            Dust Wraith
shl200cr_kitty_demon            Kitty
shl200im_demon_belt             Cord of Shattered Dreams
shl200im_harvest_fest_ring      Harvest Festival Ring
shl200im_helm_of_honn           Helm of Honnleath
shl200im_wilhelms_brew          Wilhelm's Special Brew
shl200im_wilhelms_staff         Wilhelm's Magus Staff
shl200ip_barrier_blocker        Magical Barrier
shl200ip_cod_book1              Blood-Soaked Journal
shl200ip_cod_cask1              Wilhelm's Special Brew
shl200ip_cod_note               A Decades-Old Letter
shl200ip_crystal_01             Strange Crystal Cluster
shl200ip_crystal_02             Chest
shl200ip_crystal_03             Strange Crystal Cluster
shl200ip_crystal_04             Strange Crystal Cluster
shl200ip_glowing_crystal        Glowing Crystal
shl200ip_puzzle_end             Brazier
shl200ip_puzzle_start           Brazier
shl200ip_puzzle_tile            Floor Tile
shl200ip_to_village_1           Village of Honnleath
shl200ip_to_village_2           Village of Honnleath
shl300ar_cadash_thaig           Cadash Thaig
shl300cr_emissary               Hurlock Emissary
shl300cr_ogre                   Ogre Alpha
shl300im_cadash_amulet          Blood-Gorged Amulet
shl300im_cadash_dagger          Dead Thaig Shanker
shl300im_cadash_mboots          Cadash Stompers
shl300ip_crystal_chest          Broken Chest
shl300ip_money_chest_01         Chest
shl300ip_money_chest_02         Chest
shl300ip_statue_dialog          Golem Monument
shl300ip_statue_examine         Golem Monument
shl300ip_to_deep_roads          World
shl_arm_fir_00                  Large Chipped Fire Crystal
shl_arm_fir_01                  Large Flawed Fire Crystal
shl_arm_fir_02                  Large Clear Fire Crystal
shl_arm_fir_03                  Large Flawless Fire Crystal
shl_arm_fir_04                  Large Brilliant Fire Crystal
shl_arm_ice_00                  Large Chipped Ice Crystal
shl_arm_ice_01                  Large Flawed Ice Crystal
shl_arm_ice_02                  Large Clear Ice Crystal
shl_arm_ice_03                  Large Flawless Ice Crystal
shl_arm_ice_04                  Large Brilliant Ice Crystal
shl_arm_lit_00                  Large Chipped Lightning Crystal
shl_arm_lit_01                  Large Flawed Lightning Crystal
shl_arm_lit_02                  Large Clear Lightning Crystal
shl_arm_lit_03                  Large Flawless Lightning Crystal
shl_arm_lit_04                  Large Brilliant Lightning Crystal
shl_arm_nat_00                  Large Chipped Natural Crystal
shl_arm_nat_01                  Large Flawed Natural Crystal
shl_arm_nat_02                  Large Clear Natural Crystal
shl_arm_nat_03                  Large Flawless Natural Crystal
shl_arm_nat_04                  Large Brilliant Natural Crystal
shl_arm_spi_00                  Large Chipped Spirit Crystal
shl_arm_spi_01                  Large Flawed Spirit Crystal
shl_arm_spi_02                  Large Clear Spirit Crystal
shl_arm_spi_03                  Large Flawless Spirit Crystal
shl_arm_spi_04                  Large Brilliant Spirit Crystal
shl_wpn_fir_00                  Small Chipped Fire Crystal
shl_wpn_fir_01                  Small Flawed Fire Crystal
shl_wpn_fir_02                  Small Clear Fire Crystal
shl_wpn_fir_03                  Small Flawless Fire Crystal
shl_wpn_fir_04                  Small Brilliant Fire Crystal
shl_wpn_ice_00                  Small Chipped Ice Crystal
shl_wpn_ice_01                  Small Flawed Ice Crystal
shl_wpn_ice_02                  Small Clear Ice Crystal
shl_wpn_ice_03                  Small Flawless Ice Crystal
shl_wpn_ice_04                  Small Brilliant Ice Crystal
shl_wpn_lit_00                  Small Chipped Lightning Crystal
shl_wpn_lit_01                  Small Flawed Lightning Crystal
shl_wpn_lit_02                  Small Clear Lightning Crystal
shl_wpn_lit_03                  Small Flawless Lightning Crystal
shl_wpn_lit_04                  Small Brilliant Lightning Crystal
shl_wpn_nat_00                  Small Chipped Natural Crystal
shl_wpn_nat_01                  Small Flawed Natural Crystal
shl_wpn_nat_02                  Small Clear Natural Crystal
shl_wpn_nat_03                  Small Flawless Natural Crystal
shl_wpn_nat_04                  Small Brilliant Natural Crystal
shl_wpn_spi_00                  Small Chipped Spirit Crystal
shl_wpn_spi_01                  Small Flawed Spirit Crystal
shl_wpn_spi_02                  Small Clear Spirit Crystal
shl_wpn_spi_03                  Small Flawless Spirit Crystal
shl_wpn_spi_04                  Small Brilliant Spirit Crystal
shriek_a                        Shriek
shriek_alpha                    Shriek Alpha
shriek_normal                   Shriek
skeleton_a                      Skeleton
skeleton_archer                 Skeleton Archer
skeleton_fanged                 Fanged Skeleton
skeleton_fanged_a               Skeleton, Fanged
skeleton_fanged_ancient         Ancient Fanged Skeleton
skeleton_normal                 Devouring Skeleton
skeleton_normal_frenzied        Frenzied Devouring Skeleton
skeleton_shambling              Shambling Skeleton
skeleton_shambling_a            Skeleton, Shambling
skeleton_shambling_mangled      Mangled Shambling Skeleton
spider_corrupted                Corrupted Spider
spider_giant                    Giant Spider
spider_giant_a                  Giant Spider
spider_poisonous                Poisonous Spider
squirel                         Squirrel
stb100ar_blackmarsh             The Blackmarsh
stb100cr_baroness_demon         The Baroness
stb100cr_fade_portal            Fade Portal
stb100cr_kristoffs_corpse       Kristoff's Corpse
stb100cr_marsh_werewolf         Blighted Werewolf
stb100cr_marsh_wisp             Wisp
stb100cr_marsh_wolf             Marsh Wolf
stb100cr_marsh_wolf_alpha       Alpha Marsh Wolf
stb100cr_portal_shade           Shade
stb100cr_revenant               Revenant
stb100cr_the_first              The First
stb100cr_werewolf_shadow        Blighted Shadow Wolf
stb100im_betrayal_start         Ancient Note
stb100im_dragon_bone_01         Dragon Bone
stb100im_dragon_bone_02         Dragon Bone
stb100im_dragon_bone_03         Dragon Bone
stb100im_dragon_bone_04         Dragon Bone
stb100im_dragon_bone_05         Dragon Bone
stb100im_key_to_docks           Dock Storage Key
stb100im_suitors_end            Letter of Proposal
stb100im_suitors_start          Tattered Letter
stb100im_sutiors_poison         Empty Poison Bottle
stb100ip_betrayal_finish        Karsten's Hidden Cache
stb100ip_betrayal_start         Ancient Letter
stb100ip_bm_sign                Old Sign
stb100ip_catgut                 Mabari Corpse
stb100ip_dbone_return           Bone Slot
stb100ip_dbone_return_sml       Bone Slot
stb100ip_dead_darkspawn         Darkspawn Corpse
stb100ip_derelict_goods_1       Decomposing Crate
stb100ip_derelict_goods_2       Derelict Crate
stb100ip_derelict_goods_3       Weathered Crate
stb100ip_derelict_goods_4       Decrepit Container
stb100ip_derelict_goods_5       Dilapidated Container
stb100ip_dock_chest_1           Chest
stb100ip_dock_chest_2           Chest
stb100ip_dragon_bone_01         Dragon Bone
stb100ip_dragon_bone_02         Dragon Bone
stb100ip_dragon_bone_03         Dragon Bone
stb100ip_dragon_bone_04         Dragon Bone
stb100ip_dragon_bone_05         Dragon Bone
stb100ip_fate_dragon            Town Records
stb100ip_gate_to_docks          Gate
stb100ip_justice_gift2          Rocks
stb100ip_kristoffs_corpse       Kristoff
stb100ip_kristoff_evidence2     Cot
stb100ip_loot_chest             Chest
stb100ip_nathaniel_marsh        The Blackmarsh
stb100ip_oghren_pony            Toy Horse
stb100ip_puzzle_pedistal        Runic Pedestal
stb100ip_reward_chest_01        Iron Chest
stb100ip_reward_chest_02        Iron Chest
stb100ip_reward_chest_03        Iron Chest
stb100ip_ripped_page            Ripped Page
stb100ip_suitors_clue_1         Skeleton
stb100ip_suitors_clue_2         Hidden Clue
stb100ip_suitors_clue_3         Hidden Clue
stb100ip_suitors_clue_4         Hidden Clue
stb100ip_suitors_clue_5         Hidden Clue
stb100ip_suitors_clue_6         Hidden Clue
stb100ip_suitors_end            Floating Bottle
stb100ip_veil_tear_blocker      Veil Tear
stb100ip_velanna_gift3          Debris
stb100ip_village_gate           Gate
stb100ip_village_gate_2         Gate
stb100ip_village_sign           Notice
stb100ip_world_map              World Map
stb110cr_fade_dragon            Queen of the Blackmarsh
stb110cr_fade_dragon_regen      Queen of the Blackmarsh
stb110cr_fade_dragon_wisp       Charged Wisp
stb200ar_blackmarsh_fade        The Blackmarsh Undying
stb200cr_baroness               The Baroness
stb200cr_doorman                Doorman
stb200cr_ghost_1                Villager
stb200cr_ghost_2                Villager
stb200cr_ghost_3                Villager
stb200cr_ghost_4                Villager
stb200cr_ghost_5                Villager
stb200cr_ghost_burn_1           Villager
stb200cr_ghost_burn_2           Villager
stb200cr_ghost_burn_3           Villager
stb200cr_ghost_burn_4           Villager
stb200cr_ghost_child_1          Child
stb200cr_ghost_child_2          Child
stb200cr_ghost_corner           Villager
stb200cr_ghost_torch_1          Villager
stb200cr_ghost_torch_2          Villager
stb200cr_ghost_torch_3          Villager
stb200cr_ghost_torch_4          Villager
stb200cr_justice_fade           Spirit of Justice
stb200cr_summoner               Desire Demon
stb200cr_vampire                Lonely Soul
stb200cr_villager_watch_1       Village Watch
stb200cr_villager_watch_2       Village Watch
stb200im_baroness_robe          Baroness Robe
stb200ip_baroness_door          Gate
stb200ip_lyrium_vein_1          Lyrium Vein
stb200ip_lyrium_vein_2          Lyrium Vein
stb200ip_lyrium_vein_3          Lyrium Vein
stb200ip_oghren_fade            Fade
stb200ip_portal_apparatus       Veil Tear Apparatus
stb200ip_puzzle_pedistal        Runic Pedestal
stb200ip_puzzle_stone           Runestone
stb200ip_reward_con             Essence of Constitution
stb200ip_reward_dex             Essence of Dexterity
stb200ip_reward_int             Essence of Cunning
stb200ip_reward_mag             Essence of Magic
stb200ip_reward_str             Essence of Strength
stb200ip_reward_wil             Essence of Willpower
stb200ip_to_crypt_1             Shadowy Crypt
stb200ip_to_crypt_2             Crypt
stb210ar_fade_crypt             Shadowy Crypt
stb210cr_vampire_demon          Hunger Demon
stb210ip_crypt_exit_1           The Blackmarsh Undying
stb210ip_crypt_exit_2           The Blackmarsh Undying
stb210ip_special_coffin         Coffin
str000fl_ariane                 Ariane
str000fl_dog                    Dog
str000fl_finn                   Finn
str100ar_hut_exterior           Deep in the Wilds
str100cr_hurlock_emm_summ       Hurlock Emissary
str100ip_at_world_map           World Map
str100ip_door_to_hut            Flemeth's Hut
str100ip_flemeths_death         Small Clearing
str100ip_hidden_key             Hidden Stash
str100it_hut_key                Flemeth's Key
str110ar_hut_interior           Hut
str110ip_door_to_wilds          Korcari Wilds
str110ip_flemeths_bed           Bed
str110ip_flemeths_chest         Chest
str110ip_flemeths_fireplace     Fire
str200ar_tower_1                Apprentice Quarters
str200cr_hadley                 Hadley
str200cr_mage_1                 Mage Roberts
str200cr_mage_2                 Mage
str200cr_mage_3                 Mage
str200cr_mage_4                 Mage
str200cr_mage_elf_f             Mage
str200cr_mage_human_f           Mage
str200cr_mage_human_m           Apprentice Mage
str200cr_sandal                 Sandal
str200cr_templar                Templar
str200cr_templarguard           Templar
str200im_badluck_charm          Bad Luck Charm
str200im_basement_key           Basement Key
str200im_book                   Understanding the Ancients
str200im_payment_note           Letter of Payment
str200im_research_key           Onyx Key
str200im_stamina_draught        Potent Stamina Draught
str200ip_at_basement            Mage Tower - Basement
str200ip_at_exit                World Map
str200ip_chest_1                Chest
str200ip_dr_library             Library
str200ip_dr_secure              Door
str200ip_gold_chest             Chest
str200ip_index_a_l              Index A - F
str200ip_index_g_l              Index G - L
str200ip_index_m_s              Index M - S
str200ip_index_t_z              Index T - Z
str200ip_mabari_dom             Landmark Device
str200ip_potion_chest           Chest
str200ip_potion_chest_iron      Chest
str200ip_research_chest         Shrouded Chest
str200ip_reward_will            Essence of Willpower
str200ip_sec_beg_herb           Beginner's Herbalism
str200ip_sec_critters           Dangerous Beasts
str200ip_sec_entropy            School of Entropy
str200ip_sec_fade_facts         The Fade
str200ip_sec_geography          Geography
str200ip_sec_history            History
str200ip_sec_mag_devices        Mage Weaponry
str200ip_sec_mag_train          Mage Training
str200ip_sec_mass_beasts        Mythical Creatures
str200ip_sec_mys_art            Mysterious Artifacts
str200ip_sec_pot_potions        Potent Medicines
str200ip_sec_rituals            Rituals
str200ip_sec_sec_salves         Unstable Solutions
str200ip_sec_self_imp           Self-Improvement
str200ip_sec_spi_spells         School of Spirit
str200ip_sec_tas_tonics         Expert Herbalism
str200ip_sec_zoology            Zoology
str200ip_treasure_chest         Chest
str210ar_basement               Mage Tower - Basement
str210cr_dead_mage              Dead Mage
str210cr_sentinel               Sentinel
str210cr_sentinel2              Corrupted Sentinel
str210cr_spectre                Robed Sentinel
str210cr_statue                 Statue
str210cr_veil_tear              Veil Tear
str210im_janitor_key            Repository Key
str210ip_at_tower_1             Apprentice Quarters
str210ip_barrel                 Barrel
str210ip_chest_robe             Chest
str210ip_crate                  Wooden Crate
str210ip_door_switch            Lever
str210ip_dr_hall                Door
str210ip_janitor_chest          Chest
str210ip_phylactery             Old Vials
str210ip_statue                 Statue
str210ip_statue_plot_assist     Statue
str300ar_elven_ruins            Elven Ruins
str300cr_elf_ghoul_archer       Infected Elf
str300cr_elf_ghoul_war          Infected Elf
str300cr_key_holder             Infected Key Master
str300cr_landmark_corpse        Infected Elf
str300cr_scrying_enemy          Lesser Shade
str300im_mirror_shard           Mirror Shard
str300im_shard_room_key         Key
str300ip_at_world_map           World Map
str300ip_bow_chest              Chest
str300ip_broken_mirror          Mirror
str300ip_locked_door            Door
str300ip_mabari_dom             Landmark Corpse
str300ip_mirror_shard           Shard
str300ip_ritual_spot            Scrying Spot
str310im_mirror_shard           Mirror Shard
str400ar_cadash_thaig           Cadash Thaig
str400cr_belt_darkspawn         Hurlock Berserker
str400cr_guardian_1             Ancient Elven Guardian
str400cr_guardian_2a            Ancient Elven Guardian
str400cr_guardian_2b            Ancient Elven Guardian
str400cr_guardian_3             Ancient Elven Guardian
str400cr_guardian_4a            Ancient Elven Guardian
str400cr_guardian_4b            Ancient Elven Guardian
str400im_arianes_blood          Ariane's Blood
str400im_lantern                Elven Lantern
str400im_lore_1                 Worn Note
str400im_lore_2                 Worn Journal
str400im_lore_3                 Torn Letter
str400im_lore_4                 Ancient Scroll
str400ip_at_world_map           World Map
str400ip_at_world_map_2         World Map
str400ip_chest_1                Chest
str400ip_chest_2                Chest
str400ip_lantern                Light of Arlathan
str400ip_lore_1                 Chest
str400ip_lore_2                 Pile of Bones
str400ip_lore_3                 Pile of Bones
str400ip_lore_4                 Scrap of Paper
str400ip_mabari_dom             Landmark Stone
str400ip_ritual_spot            Scrying Spot
str500ar_dragonbone_wastes      Dragonbone Wastes
str500cr_atavar                 Varterral
str500cr_atavar2                Mama Atavar
str500cr_cultist_1              Cultist
str500cr_cultist_2              Cultist
str500cr_cultist_3              Cultist
str500cr_cultist_archer         Cultist Archer
str500cr_cultist_mage           Cultist Mage
str500cr_cultist_warrior        Cultist
str500ip_at_wrold_map           World Map
str500ip_chest_axe              Chest
str500ip_door_to_mirror         Center of Power
str500ip_mabari_dom             Landmark Skull
str510ar_mirror                 The Nest
str510cr_morrigan               Morrigan
str_im_ariane_armor             Ariane's Dalish Chain
str_im_ariane_belt              Ariane's Bearskin Belt
str_im_ariane_boots             Ariane's Favorite Boots
str_im_ariane_bow               Modified Dalish Longbow
str_im_ariane_gloves            Gauntlets of the True Path
str_im_ariane_helmet            Helm of the Arlathvenn
str_im_ariane_necklace          Amulet of Protection
str_im_ariane_ring_1            The Keeper's Ring
str_im_ariane_ring_2            Band of Gold
str_im_ariane_sword_l           Rain of Petals
str_im_ariane_sword_r           Girl's Best Friend
str_im_battleaxe                Dragonbone Cleaver
str_im_belt                     Cinch of Skillful Maneuvering
str_im_finn_belt                Stylish, Yet Functional Belt
str_im_finn_boots               Fur-Lined Boots
str_im_finn_gloves              Fur-Lined Gloves
str_im_finn_hat                 Ghastly Hat
str_im_finn_necklace            Symbol of Zazikel (Replica)
str_im_finn_ring_1              Decoder Ring
str_im_finn_ring_2              Finn's Memory Band
str_im_finn_robe                Finn's Immaculately Clean Robe
str_im_finn_staff               Vera
str_im_longbow                  The Sorrows of Arlathan
str_im_robes                    Vestments of the Seer
str_im_tome_unlearning          Memoirs of the First Wardens
str_im_wep_mag_sta_aco          Magic Staff
str_strider                     Strider
succubus                        Desire Demon
the_architect                   The Architect
the_mother                      The Mother
the_mother_cinematics           The Mother
the_mother_tentacle             Giant Tentacle
trp100ar_wending_wood           Wending Wood
trp100cr_alpha_blight_wolf      Alpha Blight Wolf
trp100cr_banditscavenger_1      Bandit Scavenger
trp100cr_banditscavenger_2      Bandit Scavenger
trp100cr_barb_peace             Statue of Peace
trp100cr_barb_war               Statue of War
trp100cr_dead_magister          Ancient Magister
trp100cr_dead_scholar           Scholar
trp100cr_elven_trinket          Hurlock Emissary
trp100cr_enraged_bear_black     Enraged Black Bear
trp100cr_enraged_bear_great     Enraged Great Bear
trp100cr_enraged_wolf           Enraged Wolf
trp100cr_ines                   Ines
trp100cr_looter_leader          Bandit
trp100cr_merchants_goods_1      Scavenger
trp100cr_merchants_goods_2      Scavenger
trp100cr_old_one                The Old One
trp100cr_scavenger_archer       Scavenger
trp100cr_scavenger_daggers      Scavenger
trp100cr_scavenger_heavy        Scavenger
trp100cr_scavenger_leader       Scavenger
trp100cr_spider_queen           Poisonous Spider
trp100cr_survivor               Militia Survivor
trp100cr_sylvan_wood            Ancient Sylvan
trp100cr_wild_sylvan            Wild Sylvan
trp100im_elventrinket           Elven Trinket
trp100im_ines_herb              Northern Prickleweed Seeds
trp100im_merchant_goods         Fine Silks
trp100im_puzzle_stone           Strange Stone
trp100im_scholar_note           Battered Journal
trp100im_sylvanwood_sample      Ancient Sylvanwood
trp100ip_barb_peace             Statue of Peace
trp100ip_barb_war               Statue of War
trp100ip_circle_missing         Missing Stone
trp100ip_circle_reward          Mystic Chest
trp100ip_circle_start           Strange Stone
trp100ip_circle_stone           Stone
trp100ip_circle_stone_spot      Missing Stone
trp100ip_corpse_pile            Corpse Pile
trp100ip_darkspawn_corpse       Darkspawn Corpse
trp100ip_grave                  Shallow Graves
trp100ip_human_weapons          Discarded Weaponry
trp100ip_ines_herb              Northern Prickleweed
trp100ip_justice_elf_corpse     Elf Corpse
trp100ip_justice_gift5          Crate
trp100ip_magister_remains       Magister's Remains
trp100ip_merchant_goods         Crate
trp100ip_merchant_goods_2       Barrel
trp100ip_merchant_goods_3       Chest
trp100ip_merchant_goods_4       Bundle of Cloth
trp100ip_mine_entrance          Silverite Mine
trp100ip_mine_exit              Silverite Mine
trp100ip_nathaniel_gift3        Corpse
trp100ip_ruined_caravan         Ruined Caravan
trp100ip_sigrun_tree            Tree
trp100ip_statue_interaction     Engraved Statue
trp100ip_sword                  Fereldan Sword
trp100ip_war_reward             Dane's Tribute
trp200ar_silverite_mine         Silverite Mine
trp200cr_architect              The Architect
trp200cr_dragon_thrall_a        Dragon Thrall
trp200cr_dragon_thrall_b        Dragon Thrall
trp200cr_ghoul_anders           Experimental Subject
trp200cr_ghoul_justice          Experimental Subject
trp200cr_ghoul_nathaniel        Experimental Subject
trp200cr_ghoul_oghren           Experimental Subject
trp200cr_ghoul_pcmage           Experimental Subject
trp200cr_ghoul_pcrogue          Experimental Subject
trp200cr_ghoul_pcwarrior        Experimental Subject
trp200cr_ghoul_sigrun           Experimental Subject
trp200cr_ghoul_velanna          Experimental Subject
trp200cr_hurlock_reaver         Hurlock Dragon-Tamer
trp200cr_jailor_1               Hurlock
trp200cr_jailor_2               Hurlock
trp200cr_jailor_3               Hurlock
trp200cr_jailor_4               Genlock
trp200cr_jailor_5               Genlock Emissary
trp200cr_jailor_6               Hurlock Alpha
trp200cr_jail_key               Hurlock
trp200cr_keenan                 Keenan
trp200cr_merchant               Armaas
trp200cr_necromancer            Darkspawn Necromancer
trp200cr_necromancer_minion     Hurlock
trp200cr_seranni                Seranni
trp200im_architects_key         Architect's Key
trp200im_jail_key               Holding Cell Key
trp200im_wedding_ring           Keenan's Wedding Ring
trp200im_wep_mel_mal            Leg-Crusher
trp200ip_altar_table            Altar
trp200ip_anders_gift5           Books
trp200ip_architects_chest       Chest
trp200ip_architect_letter       Letter
trp200ip_collapsed_tunnel       Collapsed Tunnel
trp200ip_door_tev_dbl_r_stc     Door
trp200ip_door_tev_lrg_r_stc     Door
trp200ip_dragon_egg_fresh       Fresh Dragon Egg
trp200ip_entrance               Wending Wood
trp200ip_exit                   World Map
trp200ip_experiment_chest       Chest
trp200ip_experiment_control     Experiment Control
trp200ip_experiment_door        Door
trp200ip_experiment_lever       Lever
trp200ip_experiment_notes       Experiment Notes
trp200ip_journal_page           Journal Page
trp200ip_party_inventory        Chest
trp200ip_player_cell_door       Cell Door
trp200ip_prison_door            Cell Door
trp200ip_secret_room_chest      Chest
trp200ip_sigrun_spyglass        Soldier Corpse
trp200ip_stone_1                Stone
trp200ip_stone_2                Stone
trp200ip_trap_ballista          Ballista
trp200ip_trap_lever             Lever
trp200ip_trap_statue            Statue
trp200ip_velanna_gift2          Stones
trp_bandit1_temp1               Bandit Scavenger
trp_bandit1_temp2               Bandit Scavenger
urn000cr_cultist_1              Cultist
urn000cr_cultist_2              Cultist
urn000cr_cultist_3              Cultist
urn000cr_cultist_4              Cultist
urn000cr_cultist_archer         Cultist Archer
urn000cr_cultist_lake_boss      Cultist Leader
urn000cr_cultist_mage_1         Cultist Mage
urn000cr_cultist_mage_2         Cultist Mage
urn000cr_cultist_patrol         Cultist Reaver
urn000cr_cultist_reaver_1       Cultist Reaver
urn000cr_cultist_reaver_2       Cultist Reaver
urn000cr_cultist_reaver_3       Cultist Reaver
urn000cr_cultist_reaver_4       Cultist Reaver
urn000cr_cultist_reaver_5       Cultist Reaver
urn000im_cultist_robes          Cultists Robe
urn000ip_static_door_s          Door
urn100ar_cultists_village       The Village of Haven
urn100cr_child                  Child
urn100cr_funeral                Villager
urn100cr_guard                  Guard
urn100cr_scared_villager        Villager
urn100cr_villager               Villager
urn100cr_villager2              Villager
urn100cr_villager3              Villager
urn100ip_cod_bks_death_temp     Book
urn100ip_cod_hst_avvars         Book
urn100ip_fence                  Fence
urn100ip_gravestone_a           Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_01               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_02               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_03               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_04               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_05               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_06               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_07               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_08               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_09               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_10               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_11               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_12               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_13               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_14               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_15               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_16               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_17               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_18               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_19               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_20               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_21               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_22               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_23               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_24               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_25               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_26               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_27               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_28               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_29               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_30               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_31               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_32               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_33               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_34               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_35               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_36               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_37               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_38               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_39               Gravestone
urn100ip_grave_40               Gravestone
urn100ip_to_chantry             Haven Chantry
urn100ip_to_ruined_temple       Ruined Temple
urn100ip_to_shop                Village Shop
urn100ip_to_village_house       Villager House
urn110ar_chantry                Haven Chantry
urn110cr_chantry_guard          Guard
urn110cr_chantry_villager       Villager
urn110cr_chantry_villager_2     Villager
urn110cr_chantry_villager_3     Villager
urn110cr_chantry_villager_4     Villager
urn110cr_chantry_villager_5     Child
urn110cr_eirik                  Eirik
urn110cr_genitivi               Brother Genitivi
urn110cr_nuada                  Nuada
urn110cr_suspicious_mother      Villager
urn110ip_book                   Book of Sermons
urn110ip_chest                  Inscribed Chest
urn110ip_doorway_bricked        Brick Wall
urn110ip_medallion              Cultist Medallion
urn110ip_to_village             Haven Village
urn120ar_village_house          Villager House
urn120ip_altar                  Bloody Altar
urn120ip_to_village             Haven Village
urn130ar_village_shop           Village Store
urn130cr_deadknight             Dead Knight
urn130cr_newshopkeep            Shopkeeper
urn130cr_shopkeeper             Shopkeeper
urn130ip_corpse                 Corpse
urn130ip_iron_chest             Iron Chest
urn130ip_to_village             Haven Village
urn200ar_ruined_temple          Ruined Temple
urn200cr_ash_wraith             Bound Ash Wraith
urn200cr_nurse                  Nurse
urn200cr_templeguard            Temple Guard
urn200cr_wounded                Wounded Cultist
urn200im_dragons_blood          Vial of Dragons Blood
urn200im_pearl                  Black Pearl
urn200im_southeast_key          South-East Chamber Key
urn200im_taper                  Taper
urn200im_wraith_key             Main Hall Key
urn200ip_arrowtrap              Tripwire
urn200ip_ash_wraith_brazier     Brazier
urn200ip_ash_wraith_urn         Ornate Urn
urn200ip_bookshelf              Bookshelf
urn200ip_bronto_door            Door
urn200ip_chest                  Ornate Chest
urn200ip_cod_bks_sermons        Book
urn200ip_cod_hst_oldgods        Book
urn200ip_cod_mgc_andraste       Book
urn200ip_container_trap         Chest
urn200ip_corpse                 Fallen Knight
urn200ip_entrance               Door
urn200ip_iron_chest             Iron Chest
urn200ip_rack                   Cabinet
urn200ip_scroll_pile            Dusty Scrolls
urn200ip_southeast_chest        Chest
urn200ip_southeast_tunnel       Door
urn200ip_to_mountain_top        Mountaintop
urn200ip_to_village             Haven Village
urn200ip_to_wyrmling            Wyrmling Lair
urn200ip_wraith_chamber         Door
urn200up_to_wyrmling_1          Wyrmling Lair
urn210ar_wyrmlings_lair         Caverns
urn210cr_dragonling_handler     Dragonling Handler
urn210cr_kolgrim                Kolgrim
urn210cr_lieutenant_1           Cultist Overseer
urn210cr_lieutenant_2           Cultist Assassin
urn210cr_lieutenant_3           Cultist Overseer
urn210im_dragon_horn            Kolgrim's Horn
urn210ip_cod_bks_first_b_3      Book
urn210ip_cod_hst_frostback      Book
urn210ip_dragonegg              Dragon Egg
urn210ip_pile_of_filth          Pile of Dragon Filth
urn210ip_to_mountain_top        Mountaintop
urn210ip_to_ruined_temple       Ruined Temple
urn210ip_to_ruined_temple_1     Ruined Temple
urn220ar_mountain_top           Mountain Top
urn220cr_dragon                 High Dragon
urn220ip_to_gauntlet            The Gauntlet
urn220ip_to_ruined_temple       Ruined Temple
urn220ip_to_wyrmlings_lair      Caverns
urn230ar_the_gauntlet           The Gauntlet
urn230cr_alistair               Alistair
urn230cr_brona                  Brona
urn230cr_bryce                  Teyrn Bryce Cousland
urn230cr_cathaire               Disciple Cathaire
urn230cr_dog                    Dog
urn230cr_dplg_mage_f            Player
urn230cr_dplg_mage_f_e          Player
urn230cr_dplg_mage_m            Player
urn230cr_dplg_mage_m_e          Player
urn230cr_dplg_rogue_f           Player
urn230cr_dplg_rogue_f_d         Player
urn230cr_dplg_rogue_f_e         Player
urn230cr_dplg_rogue_m           Player
urn230cr_dplg_rogue_m_d         Player
urn230cr_dplg_rogue_m_e         Player
urn230cr_dplg_warrior_f         Player
urn230cr_dplg_warrior_f_d       Player
urn230cr_dplg_warrior_f_e       Player
urn230cr_dplg_warrior_m         Player
urn230cr_dplg_warrior_m_d       Player
urn230cr_dplg_warrior_m_e       Player
urn230cr_ealisay                Ealisay
urn230cr_guardian               Guardian
urn230cr_havard                 Disciple Havard
urn230cr_hessarian              Archon Hessarian
urn230cr_jowan                  Jowan
urn230cr_leliana                Leliana
urn230cr_leske                  Leske
urn230cr_loghain                Loghain
urn230cr_maferath               General Maferath
urn230cr_morrigan               Morrigan
urn230cr_oghren                 Oghren
urn230cr_riddle_wraith          Ash Wraith
urn230cr_shale                  Shale
urn230cr_shartan                Thane Shartan
urn230cr_shianni                Shianni
urn230cr_sten                   Sten
urn230cr_tamlen                 Tamlen
urn230cr_trian                  Prince Trian
urn230cr_vasilia                Lady Vasilia
urn230cr_wynne                  Wynne
urn230cr_zevran                 Zevran
urn230im_armor_reward           Heavy Chainmail
urn230im_sacred_ashes           Pinch of Sacred Ash
urn230im_weapon_reward          Magic Greatsword
urn230ip_altar                  Altar
urn230ip_cod_bks_first_chil     Book
urn230ip_corpse                 Unfortunate Adventurer
urn230ip_fire_wall              Wall of Flames
urn230ip_hint_statue            Inscribed Statue
urn230ip_invisible_blocker      Invisible Blocker
urn230ip_riddle_door            Metal Door
urn230ip_sacred_urn             Urn of Sacred Ashes
urn230ip_to_mountain_top        Mountaintop
urn230ip_to_ruined_temple       Mountaintop
urn230ip_vase                   Vase
urn270im_research               Genitivi's Research
urn300cr_felsi                  Felsi
urn300cr_innkeeper              Innkeeper
urn300cr_inn_patron             Disgruntled Patron
urn300cr_shady                  Shady Patron
valcr_aneirin                   Aneirin
valcr_cat                       Cat
valcr_greagoir                  Knight-Commander Greagoir
valcr_irving                    First Enchanter Irving
valcr_petra                     Petra
valcr_templar                   Templar Guard
val_arm_shl_pigeon              Uncrushable Pigeon
val_im_acc_blt_chs              Chastity Belt
val_im_arm_bot_lgt_ugl          Ugly Boots
val_im_arm_shd_twr_mrc          King Maric's Shield
val_im_chastity_key             Key to Zevran's Chastity Belt
val_im_gift_amulet              Amulet of Memories
val_im_gift_ball                Stick
val_im_gift_boots               Ugly Boots
val_im_gift_brandy              Rare Antivan Brandy
val_im_gift_chant               The Chant of Light, Unabridged
val_im_gift_chastity            Chastity Belt
val_im_gift_coal                Lump of Charcoal
val_im_gift_cookie              Qunari Prayers for the Dead
val_im_gift_doll                Alistair Doll
val_im_gift_flask               Beard Flask
val_im_gift_horse               Grey Warden Hand Puppet
val_im_gift_lute                Fat Lute
val_im_gift_mask                Orlesian Mask
val_im_gift_muzzle              Protective Cone
val_im_gift_onion               Rotten Onion
val_im_gift_parfait             Sugar Cake
val_im_gift_pigeon              Uncrushable Pigeon
val_im_gift_rock                Pet Rock
val_im_gift_sermon              Compleat Geneaology of the Kyngs of Ferelden
val_im_gift_shield              King Maric's Shield
val_im_gift_skull               Butterfly Sword
val_im_gift_soap                Scented Soap
val_im_gift_stick               Cat Lady's Hobble-Stick
val_im_gift_thoughtful          Thoughtful Gift
val_im_qck_amulet               Amulet of Memories
val_im_qck_ball                 Stick
val_im_qck_brandy               Rare Antivan Brandy
val_im_qck_doll                 Alistair Doll
val_im_qck_flask                Beard Flask
val_im_qck_horse                Grey Warden Hand Puppet
val_im_qck_lute                 Fat Lute
val_im_qck_prayer               Qunari Prayers for the Dead
val_im_qck_rock                 Pet Rock
val_im_qck_soap                 Scented Soap
val_im_spc_dog_col_shame        Protective Cone
val_im_wep_mag_sta_cat          Cat Lady's Hobble-Stick
val_im_wep_mel_gsw_stn          Butterfly Sword
val_ip_ball                     Stick
val_ip_rock                     Pet Rock
vgk100ar_exterior               Vigil's Keep
vgk100cr_amb_soldier_f          Soldier
vgk100cr_amb_soldier_m          Soldier
vgk100cr_danella_brother        Danella's Brother
vgk100cr_danella_father         Danella's Father
vgk100cr_danella_mother         Danella's Mother
vgk100cr_dworkin                Dworkin Glavonak
vgk100cr_herren                 Herren
vgk100cr_lillith                Lillith
vgk100cr_maverlies              Sergeant Maverlies
vgk100cr_merchant               Yuriah
vgk100cr_patrol_f               Patrol Guard
vgk100cr_patrol_m               Patrol Guard
vgk100cr_private                Private
vgk100cr_rioter_f1              Rioter
vgk100cr_rioter_f2              Rioter
vgk100cr_rioter_f3              Rioter
vgk100cr_rioter_m1              Rioter
vgk100cr_rioter_m2              Rioter
vgk100cr_rioter_m3              Rioter
vgk100cr_riot_leader            Riot Leader
vgk100cr_riot_moderate          Rioter
vgk100cr_riot_soldier_f1        Disgruntled Soldier
vgk100cr_riot_soldier_f2        Disgruntled Soldier
vgk100cr_riot_soldier_m1        Disgruntled Soldier
vgk100cr_riot_soldier_m2        Disgruntled Soldier
vgk100cr_voldrik                Voldrik Glavonak
vgk100cr_wade                   Master Wade
vgk100im_catgut                 Catgut
vgk100im_dragonbone             Eldest Dragonbone
vgk100im_dragonbone_gswd        Vigilance
vgk100im_dragonbone_lngswd      Vigilance
vgk100im_dragon_egg_fresh       Fresh Dragon Egg
vgk100im_drgnbn_grtswd_01       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_grtswd_02       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_grtswd_03       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_grtswd_04       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_grtswd_05       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_grtswd_06       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_grtswd_07       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_grtswd_08       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_lngswd_01       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_lngswd_02       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_lngswd_03       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_lngswd_04       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_lngswd_05       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_lngswd_06       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_lngswd_07       Vigilance
vgk100im_drgnbn_lngswd_08       Vigilance
vgk100im_explsv_high_risk       Dworkin's High Explosives
vgk100im_explsv_moderate        Dworkin the Mad's Explosives
vgk100im_explsv_safe            Dworkin's "Safe" Explosives
vgk100im_golem_shell            Inferno Golem Shell
vgk100im_golem_shell_armour     Golem Shell Armor
vgk100im_heartwood              Heartwood
vgk100im_heartwood_bow          Heartwood Bow
vgk100im_heartwood_shield       Heartwood Shield
vgk100im_iron                   Iron Ore
vgk100im_iron_pure              Pure Iron
vgk100im_lyrium_sand            Lyrium Sand
vgk100im_oil                    Oil
vgk100im_ruby_flawless          Flawless Ruby
vgk100im_silverite              Silverite Ore
vgk100im_veridium               Veridium Ore
vgk100im_wool_padding           Wool Padding
vgk100ip_anders_statue          Statue
vgk100ip_dragonbone             Dragonbone Rubble
vgk100ip_granite_deposit        Granite Deposit
vgk100ip_iron_ore               Iron Deposit
vgk100ip_lyrium_deposit         Lyrium Deposit
vgk100ip_silverite_ore          Silverite Deposit
vgk100ip_to_basement            Vigil's Keep - Basement
vgk100ip_to_dungeon             Vigil's Keep - Dungeon
vgk100ip_to_throne_room         Vigil's Keep - Throne Room
vgk100ip_velanna_statue         Statue
vgk100ip_veridium_ore           Veridium Deposit
vgk101ar_exterior               Vigil's Keep
vgk102ar_exterior               Vigil's Keep
vgk210ar_throne_room            Vigil's Keep - Throne Room
vgk210cr_alec                   Alec
vgk210cr_danella                Danella
vgk210cr_derren                 Ser Derren
vgk210cr_eddelbrek              Lord Eddelbrek
vgk210cr_enchanter              Ambassador Cera
vgk210cr_esmerelle              Bann Esmerelle
vgk210cr_esmerelle_crony        Ser Timothy
vgk210cr_fealtyf1               Lady
vgk210cr_fealtyf2               Lady
vgk210cr_fealtyf3               Lady
vgk210cr_fealtyf4               Lady
vgk210cr_fealtym1               Lord
vgk210cr_fealtym2               Lord
vgk210cr_fealtym3               Lord
vgk210cr_fealtym4               Lord
vgk210cr_garevel                Captain Garevel
vgk210cr_guy                    Lord Guy
vgk210cr_guy_crony              Lady Morag
vgk210cr_kitten                 Kitten
vgk210cr_liza                   Lady Liza Packton
vgk210cr_loghain                Loghain
vgk210cr_messenger              Messenger
vgk210cr_steel_golem            Steel Golem
vgk210cr_tamra                  Ser Tamra
vgk210cr_temmerly               Ser Temmerly the Ox
vgk210cr_temmerly_guard1        Guard
vgk210cr_temmerly_guard2        Guard
vgk210cr_varel                  Seneschal Varel
vgk210cr_woolsey                Mistress Woolsey
vgk210ip_armour_stand           Armor Stand
vgk210ip_dragon_egg             Dragon Egg
vgk210ip_first_warden_book      Book
vgk210ip_justice_gift3          Books
vgk210ip_kristoff_chest         Kristoff's Chest
vgk210ip_nathaniel_portrait     Portrait of a Howe
vgk210ip_oghren_keg             Cask
vgk210ip_party_chest            Personal Storage
vgk210ip_sigrun_bookshelf       Bookshelf
vgk210ip_sigrun_gift4           Books
vgk210ip_to_exterior            Vigil's Keep
vgk210ip_to_exteriorb           Vigil's Keep
vgk210ip_to_exteriorc           Vigil's Keep
vgk210ip_vassals_book           Book
vgk210ip_weapon_stand           Weapon Stand
vgk215ar_tr_assassination       Vigil's Keep - Throne Room
vgk215cr_crow_assassin          Crow Assassin
vgk215cr_crow_bow               Crow
vgk215cr_crow_dual              Crow
vgk215cr_derren                 Ser Derren
vgk215cr_esmerelle              Bann Esmerelle
vgk215cr_esmerelle_crony        Ser Timothy
vgk215cr_guy                    Lord Guy
vgk215cr_guy_crony              Lady Morag
vgk215cr_liza                   Lady Liza Packton
vgk215cr_temmerly               Ser Temmerly the Ox
vgk215ip_to_exterior            Vigil's Keep
vgk215ip_to_exteriorb           Vigil's Keep
vgk215ip_to_exteriorc           Vigil's Keep
vgk220ar_dungeon                Vigil's Keep - Dungeon
vgk220cr_cell_guard             Cell Guard
vgk220ip_nathaniel_gear         Prisoner's Effects
vgk220ip_nathaniel_jail         Cell Door
vgk220ip_sigrun_gift5           Supplies
vgk220ip_to_exterior            Vigil's Keep
vgk220ip_to_exteriorb           Vigil's Keep
vgk220ip_to_exteriorc           Vigil's Keep
vgk310ar_upper                  Vigil's Keep - Basement
vgk310cr_avvar_lord_a           Avvar Lord
vgk310cr_avvar_lord_b           Avvar Lord
vgk310cr_avvar_lord_c           Avvar Lord
vgk310cr_dog                    Mabari
vgk310cr_ghoul_jail_a           Prisoner Ghoul
vgk310cr_ghoul_jail_b           Prisoner Ghoul
vgk310cr_ghoul_jail_c           Prisoner Ghoul
vgk310cr_ghoul_jail_d           Prisoner Ghoul
vgk310cr_ghoul_jail_e           Prisoner Ghoul
vgk310cr_ghoul_jail_f           Prisoner Ghoul
vgk310cr_lootguards_a           Hurlock
vgk310cr_lootguards_b           Hurlock Emissary
vgk310cr_prisoner_a             Prisoner
vgk310cr_prisoner_b             Prisoner
vgk310cr_prisoner_c             Prisoner
vgk310cr_shriek                 Shriek
vgk310cr_shriek_alpha           Shriek Alpha
vgk310cr_skel                   Avvar Skeleton
vgk310cr_skel_archer            Skeleton Archer
vgk310cr_witchwraith_cl         The Dark Theurge
vgk310cr_worker_a               Worker
vgk310cr_worker_b               Worker
vgk310im_adria_note             Note from Adria
vgk310ip_anders_gift2           Knight
vgk310ip_bookcase               Book
vgk310ip_bookcase_door          Bookshelf
vgk310ip_chest_chantry          Chest
vgk310ip_chest_prison_a         Chest
vgk310ip_coffin_c               Avvar Sarcophagus
vgk310ip_coffin_deep_a          Avvar Sarcophagus
vgk310ip_coffin_deep_b          Avvar Sarcophagus
vgk310ip_coffin_deep_c          Avvar Sarcophagus
vgk310ip_crate_a                Crate
vgk310ip_door_crypt             Crypt Door
vgk310ip_door_crypt_a           Metal Door
vgk310ip_door_to_keep           Vigil's Keep
vgk310ip_ds_body_1              Darkspawn Corpse
vgk310ip_howe_family_book       Book
vgk310ip_howe_letter_1          Letter
vgk310ip_howe_letter_2          Letter
vgk310ip_info_crypt             Crypt Statue
vgk310ip_info_dcrypt            Crypt Statue
vgk310ip_info_warrior           Warrior Statue
vgk310ip_key_crypt_ent          Key to the Crypt
vgk310ip_nathaniel_bow          Sack
vgk310ip_nathaniel_gift1        Howe Correspondence
vgk310ip_oghren_gift4           Crate
vgk310ip_rubble                 Rubble
vgk310ip_soldier_body           Soldier Corpse
vgk310ip_statue_andraste        Shrine to Andraste
vgk310ip_torch                  Torch
vgk310ip_trans_vgk320_a         Vigil's Keep - Deep Roads
vgk310ip_wine_rack_a            Wine Rack
vgk320cr_ghoul_a                Ravenous Ghoul
vgk320cr_ghoul_adria            Adria the Ghoul
vgk320cr_ghoul_b                Ravenous Ghoul
vgk320cr_ghoul_c                Ravenous Ghoul
vgk320cr_ghoul_d                Ravenous Ghoul
vgk320ip_coffin_a               Avvar Sarcophagus
vgk320ip_coffin_b               Avvar Sarcophagus
vgk320ip_mural_a                Mural
vgk320ip_puzkey_haakon          Key of Haakon
vgk320ip_puzkey_kiviel          Key of Kiveal
vgk320ip_puzkey_korth           Key of Korth
vgk320ip_puzkey_thelady         Key of the Lady
vgk320ip_puzzle_piece_a         Keyhole - Korth
vgk320ip_puzzle_piece_b         Keyhole - Haakon
vgk320ip_puzzle_piece_c         Keyhole - The Lady
vgk320ip_puzzle_piece_d         Keyhole - Kiveal
vgk320ip_trapdoor_container     Trapdoor
vgk330ar_deeproads              Vigil's Keep - Deep Roads
vgk330cr_gle_def                Genlock Emissary
vgk330cr_gl_dagger              Genlock
vgk330cr_gl_mace                Genlock
vgk330cr_gl_sbow                Genlock
vgk330cr_golem_steel            Steel Golem
vgk330cr_hexskel_a              Skeleton
vgk330cr_hexskel_b              Skeleton
vgk330cr_hle_bal                Hurlock Emissary
vgk330cr_hl_axe                 Hurlock
vgk330cr_hl_lbow                Hurlock
vgk330cr_hl_lsword              Hurlock
vgk330cr_hl_mace                Hurlock
vgk330cr_ogreboss               Ogre Commander
vgk330cr_ogre_ghost             Possessed Ogre Commander
vgk330cr_witchwraith            The Dark Theurge
vgk330cr_witchwraith_cl_a       The Dark Theurge
vgk330ip_barrierdoor_switch     Mechanism
vgk330ip_body_gatekeeper        Old Bones
vgk330ip_container_key          Chest
vgk330ip_corpse_ckey            Darkspawn Corpse
vgk330ip_gate                   Gate
vgk330ip_gemvien_a              Gem Cluster
vgk330ip_gemvien_b              Gem Cluster
vgk330ip_info_dwarves           Old Book
vgk330ip_info_gate              Plaque
vgk330ip_info_hex               Warrior Statue
vgk330ip_korth_altar            Altar
vgk330ip_korth_axe              Magical Axe
vgk330ip_korth_body             Darkspawn Corpse
vgk330ip_korth_dicon            Corrupted Icon
vgk330ip_korth_gicon            Golden Idol of Korth
vgk330ip_korth_offering         Offering
vgk330ip_korth_off_speak        Offering
vgk330ip_portcullis             Portcullis
vgk330ip_portcullis_fake        Portcullis
vgk330ip_runestone              Plaque
vgk330ip_trans_vgk310_a         Vigil's Keep - Basement
vgk330ip_trapdoor_a             Trapdoor
vgk330ip_urn_a                  Urn
vgk330ip_urn_wraith_a           Urn
vgk330ip_urn_wraith_b           Urn
vgk330ip_urn_wraith_c           Urn
vgk330ip_urn_wraith_d           Urn
vgk330ip_velanna_gift4          Rocks
vgk330ip_wraith_cannon          Strange Apparatus
vgk400ar_siege_ext_a            Vigil's Keep
vgk400cr_amb_archer             Vigil's Keep Defender
vgk400cr_army_knight_a          Vigil's Keep Knight
vgk400cr_army_knight_b          Vigil's Keep Knight
vgk400cr_army_noble_a           Noble Warrior
vgk400cr_army_noble_b           Noble Rogue
vgk400cr_army_rogue_a           Vigil's Keep Rogue
vgk400cr_army_rogue_b           Vigil's Keep Rogue
vgk400cr_bombardier             Dworkin Glavonak
vgk400cr_boss_ogre              Armored Ogre Alpha
vgk400cr_boss_ogre_dead         Armored Ogre Alpha
vgk400cr_children_food_a        Vigil's Keep Defender
vgk400cr_children_food_b        Vigil's Keep Defender
vgk400cr_derren                 Ser Derren
vgk400cr_garevel                Captain Garevel
vgk400cr_herald                 The Herald
vgk400cr_herald_dead            The Herald
vgk400cr_keep_defender_a_v1     Vigil's Keep Defender
vgk400cr_keep_defender_a_v2     Vigil's Keep Defender
vgk400cr_keep_defender_b_v1     Vigil's Keep Defender
vgk400cr_keep_defender_b_v2     Vigil's Keep Defender
vgk400cr_medic                  Keep Medic
vgk400cr_shouts_a               Vigil's Keep Defender
vgk400cr_shouts_b               Vigil's Keep Defender
vgk400cr_shouts_c               Vigil's Keep Defender
vgk400cr_sniper                 Jacen
vgk400cr_varel                  Seneschal Varel
vgk500ar_siege_ext_b            Vigil's Keep
war_dog_a                       War Dog
war_dog_b                       War Dog
werewolf_a                      Werewolf
werewolf_core                   Werewolf
werewolf_leader                 Werewolf
werewolf_rabid                  Rabid Werewolf
werewolf_shadow                 Shadow Wolf
wild_sylvan_charred             Charred Sylvan
wild_sylvan_core                Wild Sylvan
wisp                            Wisp
witherfang                      Witherfang
wmt_camp_arch3_exit             World Map
wmt_camp_exit                   World Map
wmt_cli_city_gates              Exit City Gates
wmt_cli_generic                 City Map
wmt_cli_generic_doors           City Map
wmt_cli_to_fort                 Fort Drakon
wmt_cli_to_market               Market District
wmt_drk_generic                 Exit
wmt_rand_encounter_exit         World Map
wmt_rand_enc_text_blocker       Return Path
wmt_und_cc_to_ortan             Ortan Thaig
wmt_und_cc_to_ruined            Aeducan Thaig
wmt_und_cc_to_trenches          Dead Trenches
wmt_und_generic                 Deep Roads
wmt_und_orzammar_commons        Deep Roads
wmt_und_ruined_to_outskirts     Deep Roads
wmt_und_trenches_to_anvil       Anvil of the Void
wmt_wow_dalish_to_forest        Brecilian Forest
wmt_wow_dalish_to_lot           World Map
wmt_wow_docks_to_lot            Lothering
wmt_wow_docks_to_red            Redcliffe Village
wmt_wow_elf_ruins_exit          Brecilian Forest
wmt_wow_generic                 World Map
wmt_wow_lothering_east          The Brecilian Forest
wmt_wow_lothering_north         The Bannorn
wmt_wow_lothering_south         The Wilds
wmt_wow_lothering_west          Redcliffe Village
wmt_wow_orz_to_red              World Map
wmt_wow_red_to_docks            Lake Calenhad
wmt_wow_red_to_lot              Lothering
wmt_wow_red_to_orz              Mountain Pass
wmt_wow_wilds_north             Lothering
wolf                            Wolf
wolf_a                          Wolf
wolf_blight                     Blight Wolf
wolf_blight_a                   Blight Wolf
wrd100ip_to_broodmother         Door
wrd110cr_allison                Allison
wrd110cr_barlin                 Barlin
wrd110cr_miriam                 Elder Miriam
wrd_dencr_justine               Sister Justine
zzz_gen_im_arm_cht_med          Flamescale Armor
zzz_gen_im_arm_glv_mas          Warden Gloves
zzz_gen_im_arm_hel_hvy          Grey Warden Helmet
zzz_gen_im_arm_shd_kit          Warden Shield
zzz_gen_im_arm_shd_lrg          Large Wooden Round Shield
zzz_gen_im_wep_mel_lsw          Sword of Ogre Strength
zz_banter_cailan                kcc_party_ostagar
zz_banter_cailan2               kcc_ostagar_narrative
zz_banter_debugger              Banter Debugger
zz_bdc100cr_debug               Dwarf Commoner Debug
zz_bdn100cr_lesser_noble        Lesser Noble
zz_bedcr000_debug               Dalish Elf Debugger
zz_char_creation                Character Creation
zz_chest_sign                   Road Sign
zz_chest_test                   Chest
zz_crystal_container            Shale's Crystals - Balance Reference Items
zz_crystal_container_00         Shale's Fire Crystals
zz_crystal_container_01         Shale's Ice Crystals
zz_crystal_container_02         Shale's Lightning Crystals
zz_crystal_container_03         Shale's Nature Crystals
zz_crystal_container_04         Shale's Spirit Crystals
zz_crystal_container_05         Shale's Gifts
zz_cutscene_roof_top            Fort Drakon - Roof
zz_debug_background             CLICK HERE SECOND - Character Set Up
zz_debug_post                   COME HERE
zz_den200_market_cutscene       Denerim Market District
zz_e3_camp_chest                Chest
zz_gwb_im_arm_bot_lgt_war       Warden's Boots
zz_gwb_im_arm_bot_mas_war       Heavy Grey Warden Boots
zz_gwb_im_arm_cht_lgt_war       Warden's Leather Armor
zz_gwb_im_arm_cht_mas_war       Heavy Grey Warden Armor
zz_gwb_im_arm_glv_lgt_war       Warden's Leather Gloves
zz_gwb_im_arm_glv_mas_war       Heavy Grey Warden Gloves
zz_gwb_im_arm_hel_hvy_war       Warden's Helm
zz_gwb_im_arm_hel_lgt_war       Warden's Leather Helm
zz_gwb_im_arm_hel_mag_war       Warden's Cowl
zz_gwb_im_arm_shd_lrg_war       Warden's Large Shield
zz_gwb_im_arm_shd_sml_war       Warden's Shield
zz_gwb_im_cth_mag_war           Warden's Robes
zz_gxa000cr_debug_dude          Debug Dude
zz_gxa000ip_equipment_chest     Equipment_Chest
zz_gxa000ip_gear_art            Armor_Stand
zz_gxa000ip_gear_fighter        Fighter_Gear
zz_gxa000ip_gear_mag            Expansion_Mage_Gear
zz_gxa000ip_gear_mage           Mage_Gear
zz_gxa000ip_gear_rog            Expansion_Rogue_Generic_Gear
zz_gxa000ip_gear_rogue          Rogue_Gear
zz_gxa000ip_gear_war            Expansion_Warrior_Gear
zz_gxa000ip_recipes             Crafting_Test_Chest
zz_gxa000ip_spec_chest          Specialization_Test_Chest
zz_gxaip_art_test_area          Pull_to_Attack
zz_gxa_art_test_area            Art Test Area
zz_gxa_enchantment_table        Enchantment_Test_Table
zz_gxa_itemtestchest            Item_Test_Chest
zz_gxa_itemtestchest_cft        Crafting_Test_Chest
zz_gxa_itemtestchest_run        Rune_Test_Chest
zz_hnoble_night_cutscene        Castle Cousland
zz_kcc_items                    Chest
zz_lel500ip_arrowpoint          Shoot an Arrow at Raleigh
zz_lot100im_telmanes_key        Telmanes' Key
zz_lot105im_bear_organs         Diseased Bear Organs
zz_lot105im_spider_organs       Diseased Spider Organs
zz_lot105im_wolf_organs         Diseased Wolf Organs
zz_lot_poison101                POISON 101
zz_mtn_debug                    Mountain Pass Debugger
zz_oghren_debug                 Oghren Debug
zz_orz100im_imrek_letter        Imrek's Letter for Bhelen
zz_orz530im_branka_journal      Branka's Journal
zz_orz560ar_shale_taig          Cadash Thaig
zz_orz570ar_deeproad_outskt     Deep Road Outskirts
zz_pc_warrior_for_clu           Ser Gilmore
zz_prc_items                    Chest
zz_pre_vfx_test                 Ancient Obelisk
zz_redcliffe_day_cutscene       Redcliffe
zz_scavenger_temp               Scavenger (Sten Sword Quest Temp)
zz_setarmor                     Dragonbone Legion Armor
zz_setboots                     Dragonbone Legion Boots
zz_setgloves                    Dragonbone Legion Gloves
zz_sethelm                      Dragonbone Legion Helm
zz_shale_combat_dummy           Combat Dummy
zz_shale_debug                  Shale Plot Debugger
zz_shl_arm_balance_00           Shale Armor Balance 00
zz_shl_arm_balance_01           Shale Armor Balance 01
zz_shl_arm_balance_02           Shale Armor Balance 02
zz_shl_arm_balance_03           Shale Armor Balance 03
zz_shl_arm_balance_04           Shale Armor Balance 04
zz_shl_arm_balance_05           Shale Armor Balance 05
zz_shl_arm_balance_06           Shale Armor Balance 06
zz_shl_wpn_balance_00           Shale's Weapon Balance 00
zz_shl_wpn_balance_01           Shale's Weapon Balance 01
zz_shl_wpn_balance_02           Shale's Weapon Balance 02
zz_shl_wpn_balance_03           Shale's Weapon Balance 03
zz_shl_wpn_balance_04           Shale's Weapon Balance 04
zz_shl_wpn_balance_05           Shale's Weapon Balance 05
zz_shl_wpn_balance_06           Shale's Weapon Balance 06
zz_test_container               Fractured Stone
zz_test_gift                    Test Gift
zz_test_restrict2               Test Dagger
zz_test_tier_7_weapon           Longsword
zz_test_tier_8_weapon           Longsword
zz_test_tier_9_weapon           Longsword
zz_urn000ip_to_genitivis        Genitivi's Home
zz_urn000ip_to_village          To Haven Village
zz_urn220cr_dragon              High Dragon
zz_vgk100ip_job_board           Mystery_Job_Board
zz_vgk320ip_puzchest            DEBUG_PUZZLE_CHEST
